item_id	variable_definition
1	During this (Purchasing) module implementation project  my interactions with (Consultant William) have increased my understanding of how this module integrates with other modules and/or systems.
2	During this (Purchasing) module implementation project  my interactions with (Consultant William) increased my ability to ask penetrating questions about this module.
3	During this (Purchasing) module implementation project  my interactions with (Consultant William) improved my knowledge of this module.
4	During this (Purchasing) module implementation project  my interactions with (Consultant William) increased my knowledge about this module's training documents for end-users.
5	During this (Purchasing) module implementation project  my interactions with (Consultant William) increased my knowledge about setting up the configuration tables that support the client's business processes.
6	During this (Purchasing) module implementation project  my interactions with (Consultant William) improved my ability to develop test scripts for this module.
8	(Client Alisha) has a vision of what the implementation of (Purchasing) module project is trying to achieve.
10	(Client Alisha) has a clear understanding of goals  tasks  and responsibilities of implementing the (Purchasing) module.
11	(Client Alisha) has the technical competence to absorb the technical knowledge about (Purchasing) module.
12	(Client Alisha) has the managerial competence to absorb the business knowledge about (Purchasing) module.
26	Communication between (Consultant William) and me is: Very easy- very demanding.
27	Communication between (Client Alisha) and me is: Very easy- very demanding.
28	Collaboration between (Consultant William) and me:  Is sought after by me. Is well received  but not sought after by me. Is often avoided by me. Occurs only if I have no other alternative.
29	Collaboration between (Client Alisha) and me: (2) Is sought after by me. Is well received  but not sought after by me. Is often avoided by me. Occurs only if I have no other alternative.
30	Collaboration between (Consultant William) and me: Is sought after by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Is well received  but not sought after by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Is usually avoided by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Occurs only if (Consultant William/Client Alisha) has no other alternative.
31	Collaboration between (Client Alisha) and me: Is sought after by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Is well received  but not sought after by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Is usually avoided by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Occurs only if (Consultant William/Client Alisha) has no other alternative.
32	I enjoy learning business and technical knowledge about (Purchasing) module.
33	The more difficult it is to understand business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module  the more I enjoy learning it. (1)
34	I enjoy learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module that are completely new to me.
35	I have to feel that I'm personally benefitting from learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (1 2)
36	I want to find out how good I really can be at learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module.
37	I'm more comfortable when I can set my own goals for learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (2)
38	I am keenly aware of the income goals I have for myself if I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (2)
39	I am strongly motivated by the money I can earn if I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (1 2)
40	I am keenly aware of the promotion goals I have for myself if I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (2)
41	If I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module  I want other people to find out how good I am. (1)
42	I am strongly motivated by the recognition I can earn from other people for learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (1)
43	I have to feel that I'm earning something for learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module.
44	(Consultant William) has a good command of the language.
45	(Consultant William) typically gets right to the point.
46	(Consultant William) can deal with others effectively.
47	(Consultant William's) written communication is difficult to understand. (Reverse coded)
48	(Consultant William) expresses his/her ideas clearly.
49	(Consultant William's) oral communication is difficult to understand. (Reverse coded)
50	(Consultant William) usually says the right thing at the right time.
51	(Client Alisha) is sensitive to others' needs.
52	(Client Alisha) pays attention to what other people say to him/her.
53	(Client Alisha) is a good listener.
54	(Client Alisha) is easy to talk to.
55	(Client Alisha) usually responds to messages (memos  phone calls  reports  etc.) quickly.
56	(Consultant William) is trustworthy.
58	(Consultant William) is experienced.
60	(Consultant William) is well-trained.
96	I earn respect from others by participating in the Message Boards.
97	I feel that participation improves my status in the profession.
98	I participate in the Message Boards to improve my reputation in the profession.
104	I would feel a loss if the Message Boards were no longer available.
105	I really care about the fate of the Message Boards.
106	I feel a great deal of loyalty to the Message Boards.
111	Data can be shared easily among various internal systems (e.g.  forecasting  production  manufacturing  shipment  finance  accounting  etc).
112	Order changes are automatically reflected in downstream processes or systems (e.g.  inventory  manufacturing resource planning and manufacturing systems).
113	Our systems can easily transmit  integrate and process data from suppliers/vendors and customers.
114	Our systems allow continuous monitoring of order status at various stages in the process (e.g.  manufacturing  shipping).
115	Employees can easily retrieve information from various databases for decision support (e.g.  cost information  reporting tools).
116	All product-related information is available online (e.g.  catalog  product description  detailed specifications  price  discount  etc.).
117	Customers can customize their orders online without phone/fax or face-to-face interactions.
118	A comprehensive Frequently Asked Questions section on our company  oar products/services  contact information  etc. is available on online.
119	Customers can conveniently contact service representatives or seek service online.
120	Customers see personalized content (e.g.  products  prices  order history  order status  etc.) when they log onto our web site.
121	Customer feedback and field incidence reports (e.g.  product failures  defects) are shared with suppliers/vendors in real-time.
122	Process quality information (e.g.  line rejection rates  yields) is shared electronically with relevant trading partners in real-time.
123	Changes (e.g.  order changes  product design changes  etc.) are communicated to trading partners electronically in real-time.
124	Continuously updated inventory information is shared with trading partners online.
125	Continuously updated production schedules and capacity (e.g.  machine downtime  manpower availability) information is shared online with trading partners.
126	Continuously updated product demand information (e.g.  actual and forecasted) is shared online.
127	We provide online communities (e.g.  discussion forms  online chat rooms) to our suppliers/vendors.
128	We make available a comprehensive online Frequently Asked Questions section (e.g.  contact information  glossary  events  etc.) to our trading partners online.
129	We make frequently updated supplier/vendor evaluation reports available online.
130	The method for sharing product roadmap and demand forecast with our suppliers is well defined.
131	Information exchange policies with our suppliers (i.e.  frequency  precision  real-time or delayed  format and channel) are well defined.
132	The standard operating procedures cover all procurement scenarios (e.g.  well-defined rules for large versus small procurement).
133	Supplier/vendor selection criteria are well documented.
134	Supplier/vendor evaluation metrics are well defined.
135	The vendor/supplier quality monitoring process is well defined.
136	Customers generally have one contact point for all service needs.
137	There are only a small number of steps in resolving customer complaints.
138	Customer feedback is quickly disseminated into organizational processes.
139	Our customers feel comfortable regarding security and privacy in electronic commerce with our company.
140	Our customers consider it important to engage in electronic commerce.
141	Our suppliers/vendors have Internet-based systems to engage in electronic business.
142	Our suppliers/vendors feel comfortable (regarding security  privacy  etc.) engaging in electronic business.
143	Our suppliers/vendors are willing to share information electronically with us.
144	Our suppliers/vendors consider it important to engage in electronic business.
145	Our suppliers/vendors consider it important to improve coordination and collaboration with us.
152	Mental Demand: how much mental and perceptual activity was required (e.g. thinking  deciding  calculating  remembering  looking  searching  etc.)? Was the task easy or demanding  simple or complex  exacting or forgiving?
153	Physical Demand: how much physical activity was required (e.g. pushing  pulling  turning  controlling  activating  etc.)? Was the task easy or demanding  slow or brisk  slack or strenuous  restful or laborious?
154	Time Demand: how much time pressure did you feel due to the rate or pace at which the tasks occurred? Was the pace slow and leisurely or rapid and frantic?
155	Performance: how successful do you think you were in accomplishing the goals of the task? How satisfied were you with your performance in accomplishing these goals?
156	Effort: how hard did you have to work (mentally and physically) to accomplish your level of performance?
157	Frustration Level: how insecure  discouraged  irritated  stressed and annoyed versus secure  gratified  content  relaxed and complacent did you feel during the task?
158	Overall  management has encouraged the use of DW.
159	User satisfaction has been a major concern of management.
160	A high-level champion(s) for DW came from IS.
161	A high-level champion(s) for DW came from a functional area(s).
162	Using the system in my job would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
163	Using the system would improve my job performance.
164	Using the system in my job would increase my productivity.
165	Using the system would enhance my effectiveness on the job.
166	Using the system would make it easier to do my job.
167	I would find the system useful in my job.
168	The DW project was adequately funded.
169	The DW project had enough team members to get the work done.
170	The DW project was given enough time for completion.
171	IS and users worked together as a team on the DW project.
172	Users were assigned full-time to parts of the DW project.
173	Users performed hands-on activities (e.g.  data modeling) during the DW project.
174	Using the system in my job would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
175	Using the system would improve my job performance.
176	Using the system in my job would increase my productivity.
177	Using the system would enhance my effectiveness on the job.
178	Using the system would make it easier to do my job.
179	I would find the system useful in my job.
180	Members of the DW team (including consultants) had the right technical skills for DW.
181	Members of the DW team had good interpersonal skills.
182	Use of the system will have no effect on the performance of my job.
183	Use of the system can decrease the time needed for my important job responsibiiities.
184	Use of the system can significantly increase the quality of output on my job
185	Use of the system can increase the effectiveness of performing job tasks.
186	Use can increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort
187	Considering all tasks  the general extent to which use of the system could assist on the job.
188	Common definitions for key data items were implemented across the source systems.
189	The data sources used for DW were diverse and disparate applications/systems.
190	A significant number of source systems had to be modified to provide data for DW
191	The DW technology that the project team used worked well with technology already in place in the organization.
192	Appropriate technology was available to implement DW
193	Using the system enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
194	Using the system improves the quality of the work I do my job.
195	Using the system enhances my effectiveness on the job.
196	Using the system increases my productivity.
197	Any political resistance to DW in the organization was dealt with effectively
198	Change in the organization created by DW was managed effectively.
199	The DW had support from people throughout the organization.
200	The DW project met its critical project deadlines (e.g..  rollout deadline  initial development deadline).
201	The cost of the DW did not exceed its budgeted amount.
202	The DW project provided all of the DW functionality that it was supposed to provide.
203	If I use the system I will increase my effectiveness on the job.
204	I will spend less time on routine job tasks.
205	I will increase the quality of output of my job.
206	I will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort.
207	My coworkers will perceive me as competent.
208	I will increase my chances of obtaining a promotion.
209	I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
210	Many technical problems arose during the DW implementation.
211	Numerous technical constraints were imposed on the DW implementation.
212	Learning to operate the system would be easy for me.
213	I would find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do .
214	My interaction with the system would be clear and understandable.
215	I would find the system to be flexible to interact with.
216	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using the system.
217	I would find the system easy to use.
218	Users (or applications) have more accurate data now from DW than they had from source systems (e.g.  transaction systems).
219	DW provides more comprehensive data to users {or applications) than source systems provided.
220	DW provides more correct data to users (or applications) in respect to source systems.
221	DW has improved the consistency of data to users (or applications) over that of source systems.
222	Using the system takes too much time from my normal duties.
223	Working with the system is so complicated  it is difficult to understand what is going on.
224	Using the system involves too much time doing mechanical operations (e.g.  data input).
225	It takes too long to learn how to use the system to make it worth the effort.
226	My interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
227	I believe that it is easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
228	Overall  I believe that the system is easy to use.
229	Learning to operate the system is easy for me.
230	DW can flexibly adjust to new demands or conditions.
231	DW effectively integrates data from systems servicing different functional areas.
232	DW is versatile in addressing data needs as they arise.
233	DW effectively integrates data from a variety of data sources within the organization.
234	DW has changed my job significantly.
235	DW has reduced the time it takes to support decision making to the end-user community.
236	DW has reduced the effort it takes to support decision making to the end-user community.
237	People who influence my behavior think that I should use the system.
238	People who are important to me think that I should use the system.
239	I use the system because of the proportion of coworkers who use the system.
240	The senior management of this business has been helpful in the use of the system.
241	My supervisor is very supportive of the use of the system for my job.
242	In general  the organization has supported the use of the system.
243	People in my organization who use the system have more prestige than those who do not.
244	People in my organization who use the system have a high profile.
245	Having the system is a status symbol in my organization.
246	I have control over using the system
247	I have the resources necessary to use the system.
248	I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
249	Given the resources  opportunities and knowledge it takes to use the system  it would be easy for me to use the system.
250	The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
251	Guidance was available to me in the selection of the system.
252	Specialized instruction concerning the system was available to me.
253	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with system difficulties.
254	Using the system is compatible with all aspects of my work.
255	I think that using the system fits well with the way I like to work.
256	Using the system fits into my work style.
257	Using the system is a bad/good idea.
258	Using the system is a foolish/wise idea.
259	I dislike/like the idea of using the system.
260	Using the system is unpleasant/pleasant.
261	I find using the system to be enjoyable.
262	The actual process of using the system is pleasant.
263	I have fun using the system.
264	The system makes work more interesting.
265	Working with the system is fun.
266	The system is okay for some jobs  but not the kind of job I want.
267	I like working with the system.
268	I look forward to those aspects of my job that require me to use the system.
269	Using the system is frustrating for me.
270	Once I start working on the system  I find it hard to stop.
271	I get bored quickly when using the system.
272	I would find the system useful in my job.
273	Using the system enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
274	Using the system increases my productivity.
275	If I use the system  I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
276	My interaction with the system would be clear and understandable.
277	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using the system.
278	I would find the system easy to use.
279	Learning to operate the system is easy for me.
280	Using the system is a bad/good idea.
281	The system makes work more interesting.
282	Working with the system is fun.
283	I like working with the system.
284	People who influence my behavior think that I should use the system.
285	People who are important to me think that I should use the system.
286	The senior management of this business has been helpful in the use of the system.
287	In general  the organization has supported the use of the system.
288	I have the resources necessary to use the system.
289	I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
290	The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
291	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with system difficulties.
292	I could complete a job or task using the system...If there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
293	I could complete a job or task using the system...If I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
294	I could complete a job or task using the system...If 1 had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
295	I could complete a job or task using the system...If I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
296	I feel apprehensive about using the system.
297	It scares me to think that I could lose a lot of information using the system by hitting the wrong key.
298	I hesitate to use the system for fear of making mistakes I cannot correct.
299	The system is somewhat intimidating to me.
300	I intend to use the system in the next n months.
301	I predict I would use the system in the next n months.
302	I plan to use the system in the next n months.
303	Assuming I had access to the system  I intend to use it.
304	Given that I had access to the system  I predict that I would use it.
305	Using the system improves my performance in my job.
306	Using the system in my job increases my productivity.
307	Using the system enhances my effectiveness.
308	I find the system to be useful in my job.
309	My interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
310	Interacting with the system does not require a lot of my mental effort.
311	I find the system to be easy to use.
312	I find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
313	People who influence my behavior think that I should use the system.
314	People who are important to me think that I should use the system.
315	If I had a suggestion for improvement to make  it would be difficult for me to get a hearing on it from my manager.
316	When some important matter comes up that concerns me  my manager seeks out my ideas before a decision is made.
317	All in all  I have very little influence in management decisions that affect me in important ways.
318	I get few opportunities  if any  to participate in management decisions that affect significant aspects of my job.
319	Our manager is inclined to accept the opinions of workers in important decisions about job-related matters.
320	I think my level of pay is fair.
321	Overall  the rewards I receive here are quite fair.
332	Time appears to go by very quickly when I am using the Web.
333	Sometimes I lose track of time when I am using the Web.
334	Time flies when I am using the Web.
335	Most times when I get on to the Web  I end up spending more time that I had planned.
336	I often spend more time on the Web than I had intended.
337	While using the Web I am able to block out most other distractions.
338	While using the Web  I am absorbed in what I am doing.
339	While on the Web  I am immersed in the task I am performing.
340	When on the Web  I get distracted by other attentions very easily.
341	While on the Web  my attention does not get diverted very easily.
342	I have fun interacting with the Web.
343	Using the Web provides me with a lot of enjoyment.
344	I enjoy using the Web.
345	Using the Web bores me.
346	When using the Web I feel in control.
347	I feel that I have no control over my interaction with the Web.
348	The Web allows me to control my computer interaction.
349	Using the Web excites my curiosity.
350	Interacting with the Web makes me curious.
351	Using the Web arouses my imagination.
352	Learning to operate the Web is easy for me.
353	I find it easy to get the Web to do what I want it to do.
354	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the Web.
355	I find the Web easy to use.
356	Using the Web enhances my effectiveness in college.
357	Using the Web enhances my productivity.
358	I find the Web useful in my college activities.
359	Using the Web improves my performance in college.
360	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
361	In general  I am hesitant to try out new information technologies.
362	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
363	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
364	When using the Web I am Spontaneous.
365	When using the Web I am Imaginative.
366	When using the Web I am Flexible.
367	When using the Web I am Creative.
368	When using the Web I am Playful.
369	When using the Web I am Original.
370	When using the Web I am Inventive.
371	I plan to use the Web in the future.
372	I intend to continue using the Web in the future.
373	I expect my use of the Web to continue in the future.
374	I could complete the job using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
375	I could complete the job using the software package if I had never used a package like it before.
376	I could complete the job using the software package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
377	I could complete the job using the software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
378	I could complete the job using the software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
379	I could complete the job using the software package if someone else had helped me get started.
380	I could complete the job using the software package I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
381	I could complete the job using the software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
382	I could complete the job using the software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
383	I could complete the job using the software package if I had used similar packages like this one before to do the job.
384	I feel that the number of requests  problems  or complaints I deal with is more than expected.
385	I feel that the amount of work I do interferes with how well it is done.
386	I feel busy of rushed.
387	I feel pressured.
388	I feel certain about how much authority I have.
389	Clear  planned goals and objectives exist for my job.
390	I know that I have divided my time properly.
391	I know what my responsibilities are.
392	I know exactly what is expected of me.
393	Explanation is clear of what has to be done.
394	I have to do things that should be done differently.
395	I receive an assignment without the manpower to complete it.
396	I have to  buck  a rule or policy in order to carry out and assignment.
397	I work with two or more groups who operate quite differently.
398	I receive incompatible requests from two or more people.
399	I do things that are apt to be accepted by one person and not accepted by others.
400	I receive an assignment without adequate resources and materials to execute it.
401	I work on unnecessary things.
402	How likely is it that you will be working at the same company this time next year?
403	How likely is it that you will take steps during the next year to secure a job at a different company?
404	I will be with this company five years from now.
405	I will probably look for a job at a different company in the next year.
406	I feel emotionally drained from my work.
407	I feel used up at the end of the work day.
408	I feel fatigued when I get up in the morning and have to face another day on the job.
409	I feel burned out from my work.
410	Working all day is really a strain for me.
411	If I were to adopt Windows  it would enable me to accomplish my tasks more quickly.
412	If I were to adopt Windows  the quality of my work would improve.
413	If I were to adopt Windows  it would enhance my effectiveness on the job.
414	If I were to adopt Windows  it would make my job easier.
415	Before deciding on whether or not to adopt Windows  I would be able to use it on a trial basis.
416	Before deciding on whether or not to adopt Windows  I would be able to properly try it out.
417	I would be permitted to use Windows on a trial basis long enough to see what it can do.
418	Learning to operate Windows would be easy for me.
419	If I were to adopt Windows  it would be easy to use.
420	If I were to adopt Windows  it would be difficult to use.
421	If I were to adopt Windows  it would be compatible with most aspects of my work.
422	If I were to adopt Windows  it would fit my work style.
423	If I were to adopt Windows  it would fit me well with the way I like to work.
424	I have difficulty explaining why adopting Windows may or may not be beneficial.
425	I could communicate to others the pros and cons of adopting Windows.
426	I have no difficulty telling others about the results of adopting Windows.
427	If I were to adopt Windows  it would give me high status in the organization.
428	If I were to adopt Windows  I would have more prestige in the organization than people who have not yet adopted it.
429	Having Windows is a status symbol in my organization.
430	In my organization  one sees Windows on many computers.
431	In my organization  I have seen many people with Windows on their computers.
432	All things considered  adopting Windows in my job within the next six months would be: extremely negative - extremely positive
433	All things considered  adopting Windows in my job within the next six months would be: extremely good - extremely bad.
434	All things considered  adopting Windows in my job within the next six months would be: extremely harmful - extremely beneficial.
435	Top management thinks I should adopt Windows.
436	My close friends think I should adopt Windows.
437	My immediate supervisor thinks I should adopt Windows.
438	My peers think I should adopt Windows.
439	The (name of the MIS department) thinks I should adopt Windows.
440	Other computer technical specialists in the organization think I should adopt Windows.
441	Most people who are important to me think I should adopt Windows.
442	My boss does not require me to adopt Windows.
443	Although it might be helpful  adopting Windows is certainly not compulsory in my job.
444	I intend to adopt Windows in my job within the next six months.
445	During the next six months  I plan to experiment with or regularly use Windows in my work.
446	I could complete the job using the software if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
447	I could complete the job using the software if I had never used a package like it before.
448	I could complete the job using the software if I had only the software manuals for reference.
449	I could complete the job using the software if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
450	I could complete the job using the software if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
451	I could complete the job using the software if someone else had helped me get started.
452	I could complete the job using the software if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided
453	I could complete the job using the software if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
454	I could complete the job using the software if someone showed me how to do it first.
455	I could complete the job using the software if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
456	If I use a computer I will be better organized.
457	If I use a computer I will increase my effectiveness on the job.
458	If I use a computer I will spend less time on routine job tasks.
459	If I use a computer I will increase the quality of output of my job.
460	If I use a computer I will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort.
461	If I use a computer I will be less reliant on clerical support staff.
462	If I use a computer my co-workers will perceive me as competent.
463	If I use a computer I will increase my sense of accomplishment.
464	If I use a computer I will increase my chances of obtaining a promotion.
465	If I use a computer I will be seen as higher in status by my peers.
466	If I use a computer I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
467	I like working with computers.
468	I look forward to those aspects of my job that require me to use a computer.
469	Once I start working on the computer  I find it hard to so.
470	Using a computer is frustrating for me.
471	I get bored quickly when working on a computer.
472	I feel apprehensive about using computers.
473	It scares me to think that I could cause the computer to destroy a large amount of information by hitting the wrong key.
474	I hesitate to use a computer for fear of making mistakes I cannot correct.
475	Computers are somewhat intimidating to me.
501	Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my unique value in the organization.
502	Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my power base in the organization.
503	Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my knowledge that makes me stand out with respect to others.
504	Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my knowledge that no one else has.
507	I do not have the time to enter my knowledge into EKRs.
508	It is laborious to codify my knowledge into EKRs.
509	The effort is high for me to codify my knowledge into EKRs.
510	I am worried that if I share my knowledge through EKRs  I will have to spend additional time answering follow up questions.
511	I am afraid that my submission to EKRs will evoke additional clarifications or requests for assistance.
527	It is important to get a better work assignment when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
528	It is important to be promoted when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
529	It is important to get a higher salary when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
530	It is important to get a higher bonus when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
531	It is important to get more job security when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
532	Sharing my knowledge through EKRs improves my image within the organization.
533	People in the organization who share their knowledge through EKRs have more prestige than those who do not.
534	Sharing my knowledge through EKRs improves others recognition of me.
535	When I share my knowledge through EKRs  the people I work with respect me.
536	When I share my knowledge through EKRs  my superiors praise me.
537	When I share my knowledge through EKRs  I believe that I will get an answer for giving and answer.
538	When I share my knowledge through EKRs  I expect somebody to respond with I'm in need.
539	When I contribute knowledge to EKRs  I expect to get back knowledge when I need it.
540	When I share my knowledge through EKRs  I believe that my queries for knowledge will be answered in future.
541	Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions: when planning marketing programs.
542	Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions: by analyzing market trends.
543	Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions: by analyzing response to marketing promotions.
544	Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions: when planning for new market creation.
545	Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions: when planning for demand development.
546	I have confidence in my ability to provide knowledge that others in my organization consider valuable.
547	I have the expertise needed to provide valuable knowledge for my organization.
548	It doesn't really make any difference whether I add to the knowledge others are likely to share through EKRs.
549	Most other employees can provide more valuable knowledge than I can.
550	I enjoy sharing my knowledge with others through EKRs.
551	I enjoy helping others by sharing my knowledge through EKRs.
552	It feels good to help someone else by sharing my knowledge through EKRs.
553	Sharing my knowledge with others through EKRs gives me pleasure.
554	I believe that people in my organization give credit for other's knowledge where it is due.
555	I believe that people in my organization do not use unauthorized knowledge.
556	I believe that people in my organization use other's knowledge appropriately.
557	I believe that people in my organization share the best knowledge that they have.
558	The processes conducted in conjunction with the partner company are divided into clearly understood activities to be performed by you and partner company
559	The output requirements of partner company from your company and your requirements from partner company are precisely specified and understood.
560	The activities performed by your company and partner company are performed simultaneously to a large extent.
561	There is a norm of cooperation in my organization.
562	There is a norm of collaboration in my organization.
563	There is a norm of teamwork in my organization.
564	There is a willingness to value and respond to diversity in my organization.
565	There is a norm of openness to conflicting views in my organization.
566	There is a norm of tolerance of mistakes in my organization.
567	Extent to which the business processes interfaces with partner company are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners - in terms of rules and procedures.
568	Extent to which information exchanged (e.g.  sales reporting  product information  product availability  inventory information  etc.) with partner company needs to be converted or translated to be interpreted by your company
569	Extent to which content of information exchanged (e.g.  sales reporting  product information  product availability  inventory information  etc.) with partner company can be interpreted similar to information exchanged with other partners.
570	I am glad I chose to work for this organization rather than another company.
571	I talk of this organization to my friends as a great company to work for.
572	I am willing to put in a great deal of effort beyond that normally expected to help my organization to be successful.
573	I find that my values and my organization's values are very similar.
574	In general the people employed by my organization are working toward the same goal.
575	I find it easy to identify myself with my organization.
576	I feel that my organization cares about me.
577	I feel a sense of belonging towards my organization.
578	I am proud to be an employee of this organization.
582	What percentage of transactional activities that took place in your previous exchanges with partner company and other similar partners are stored using information systems.
583	What percentage of performance outcomes of previous exchanges with partner company and other similar partners are stored using information systems.
584	What is your company's level of utilization of information systems to search and retrieve a required piece of information about past experiences with partner company and other similar partners.
585	What percentage of time do you use information systems: to derive inferences from past events (e.g.  process exceptions  patterns of demand shifts  impacts of different company responses  what worked and what did not work).
586	What percentage of time do you use information systems: to combine information obtained from different channel partners to create new interpretations and uncover trends and patterns.
587	What percentage of time do you use information systems: to slice the information obtained from the channel partners into parts depending upon the requirements of different units or individuals in your company.
588	What percentage of time do you use information systems: to interpret information obtained from channel partners in multiple ways  depending upon the requirements of various units within your company.
589	What percentage of time do you use information systems: to represent the information obtained from channel partners in multiple ways  depending upon the requirements of various units within your company.
590	Extent to which you exchange details of upcoming product or service related changes with partner company.
591	Extent to which you exchange future plans such as promotion and marketing plans  long-term production plans  capital investments and capacity utilization with partner company.
592	Extent to which you exchange information related to market demand trends and forecasts with partner company.
593	Extent to which you exchange information on demand shifts and changes in customer preferences with partner company.
594	Extent to which you exchange information related to changes in supply chain structure - such as addition or dropping of partner companies  merger and alliances  with partner company.
595	Extent to which you exchange process information needed to support changes in product features or volumes with partner company.
596	How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its: relevancy to your business needs  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
597	How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its: value added to your business needs  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
598	How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its: timeliness  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
599	How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its: its completeness  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
600	In our relationship with partner company  we provide each other proprietary information if we feel it can help our business partner.
601	In our relationship with partner company  we share confidential information if we feel it can help our business partner.
602	In our relationship with partner company  we share information with each other that is not available from other sources.
603	In our relationship with partner company  the information exchange helps us provide each other a unique perspective that neither of us could have developed on our own.
604	When performing processes that are inter-linked  to what extent does your company and partner company exchange coordination information exchange to synchronize your activities?
605	When performing processes that are inter-linked  to what extent does your company and partner company exchange information to track each other's internal processes?
606	When performing processes that are inter-linked  to what extent does your company and partner company exchange operational information (such as inventory levels  product availability  production volumes  etc.).
607	How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of: meetings agreed upon costs per unit associated with partner company.
608	How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of: meeting productivity standards associated with partner company.
609	How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of: meeting on-time delivery requirements associated with partner company.
610	How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of: responding to each others requests.
611	How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of: ability to meet inventory requirements (finished goods) associated with partner company.
612	Working with partner company has helped you: better understand the market segments you serve.
613	Working with partner company has helped you: better understand the needs of customers.
614	Working with partner company has helped you: better understand new or emerging markets.
615	Working with partner company has helped you: better understand intentions and capabilities of your competitors.
616	Working with partner company has helped you: find better ways of distributing or selling the products.
617	Working with partner company has helped you: improve service for the end customers.
618	Working with partner company has helped you: develop strategies to compete in the market  that would not have been possible otherwise.
628	To what extent do you think this is a good way to generate ideas?
629	To what extent do you think this is a good way to generate high quality ideas?
630	To what extent do you think this is a good way to generate creative solutions.
631	To what extent do you think this would contribute to your groups' well being?
632	To what extent do you think this would contribute to your groups' cohesiveness?
633	To what extent do you think this would help your group to socilaize and develop relationships?
634	To what extent do you think this would help you to build and maintain your team as an intact and continuing social group?
635	To what extent do you think this would contribute to the individual growth and development of team members?
636	To what extent do you think this is a good way to create and maintain individual roles within the team?
637	To what extent do you think this is a good way to interact with your teammates?
638	To what extent do you think this is a good way to find out what people know and to build networks.
639	Please indicate the extent to which you are receiving the following benefits as a result of your relationship with Alpha: Learning about customers and markets for our products.
640	Please indicate the extent to which you are receiving the following benefits as a result of your relationship with Alpha: Creation of new products  product enhancements.
641	Please indicate the extent to which you are receiving the following benefits as a result of your relationship with Alpha: Development of new business opportunities.
642	Please indicate the extent to which you are receiving the following benefits as a result of your relationship with Alpha: Cost Efficiencies from higher sales volumes.
643	Please indicate the extent to which you are receiving the following benefits as a result of your relationship with Alpha: Improvements to current processes or creation of new processes.
644	Please indicate the extent to which you are receiving the following benefits as a result of your relationship with Alpha: Increased profitability.
645	The extent to which the software and applications used (e.g.  billing  inventory management  EDI  etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
646	The extent to which the administrative procedures used (e.g.  vendor selection  cost accounting procedures etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
647	The extent to which the operating procedures used (e.g.  manufacturing  bar-coding  packaging  shipping procedures etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
648	The extent to which the knowledge and understanding used in planning for new products  programs for Alpha is significantly specific to the relationship (i.e.  customized for Alpha) or is relatively similar to what you use with other retailers.
649	The extent to which the knowledge and understanding used in product conception and design for Alpha is significantly specific to the relationship (i.e.  customized for Alpha) or is relatively similar to what you use with other retailers.
650	The extent to which the knowledge and understanding used in determining product pricing for Alpha is significantly specific to the relationship (i.e.  customized for Alpha) or is relatively similar to what you use with other retailers.
651	Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: The extent to which you use specific IT based support for order Processing  invoicing and settling accounts
652	Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: The extent to which you use specific IT based support for exchange of shipment and delivery information.
653	Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: The extent to which you use specific IT based support for managing warehouse stock and inventories.
654	Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: Understanding trends in sales and customer preferences with Alpha
655	Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: Integrating your functions (e.g. design and manufacturing) with Alpha's service organization
656	Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: Leveraging your firm's expertise to create new business opportunities
657	What is the likelihood of major changes occurring in this product category over the next 12 months? Extensive Style Changes.
658	What is the likelihood of major changes occurring in this product category over the next 12 months? Major Product Innovations
659	What is the likelihood of major changes occurring in this product category over the next 12 months? Key Manufacturing/Quality Innovations.
660	We could easily find other customers who would offer as much supplier assistance as provided by Alpha
661	We could easily find other customers to replace the margin levels with Alpha.
662	We could easily substitute for the loss of reputational effects of being a Alpha supplier.
665	Please indicate the position on the following scale that best describes this product category: Standard (low customization for Alpha)- Specialized (highly customized for Alpha).
666	Please indicate the position on the following scale that best describes this product category: Simple- Complex
667	Please indicate the position on the following scale that best describes this product category: Fashion oriented and style driven- Utility oriented  not style driven
670	Using CBT will improve my performance
671	Using CBT will increase my productivity
672	Using CBT will enhance my effectiveness
673	CBT will be useful for my studies
674	All things considered  using CBT will be a bad idea- good idea.
675	All things considered  using CBT will be a foolish move- wise move.
676	All things considered  using CBT will be a negative step- positive step
677	All things considered  using CBT will be a ineffective idea- effective idea.
678	I plan to continue using CBT to learn about new technologies.
679	I intend to continue using CBT to learn new software skills.
680	I plan to continue using CBT after this class
681	To improve my performance was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
682	To increase my productivity was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
683	To enhance my effectiveness was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
684	To be useful for my studies was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
685	I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely displeased... Extremely pleased.
686	I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely frustrated... Extremely contented
687	I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely terrible... Extremely delighted
688	I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely dissatisfied... Extremely satisfied.
689	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Publishing company specific facts/figures.
690	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Disseminating product/service information.
691	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Receiving payments from customers.
692	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Delivering products/services to customers.
693	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Providing customer service support.
694	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Testing products/services.
695	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Conducting marketing surveys.
696	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Enhancing company image.
697	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Attracting new customers.
698	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Offering value-added customer services.
699	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Creating a new advertising channel.
700	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Creating a new distribution channel.
701	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm actively participates in: articulating a vision for the organizational use of the WWW.
702	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm actively participates in: formulating a strategy for the organizational use of the WWW.
703	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm actively participates in: establishing goals and standards to monitor Web projects.
704	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW has the potential of providing significant business benefits to the firm.
705	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW will create a significant competitive arena for firms.
706	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW is not a very secure medium to conduct business activities.
707	Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW is not easily accessible to the existing and potential customers of firm.
708	Please indicate the extent of importance placed on the following in justifying web related expenses in your organization: meeting return on investment (ROI) criteria.
709	Please indicate the extent of importance placed on the following in justifying web related expenses in your organization: new business opportunities rationale.
710	Please indicate the extent of importance placed on the following in justifying web related expenses in your organization: realizing cost savings.
711	Please indicate the extent to which existing coordination mechanisms of the following types are used to manage the Web initiative: Standard Operating Procedures (e.g.  goals  policies  and plans).
712	Please indicate the extent to which existing coordination mechanisms of the following types are used to manage the Web initiative: Liaison Roles (e.g.. Web page managers).
713	Please indicate the extent to which existing coordination mechanisms of the following types are used to manage the Web initiative: Task Forces.
714	Please indicate the extent to which existing coordination mechanisms of the following types are used to manage the Web initiative: Oversight Teams (e.g.. Business advisory council).
715	Please indicate the extent to which existing coordination mechanisms of the following types are used to manage the Web initiative: Planning Processes.
725	I think the seller is honest.
726	I believe this seller will deliver to me the product I purchase according to the posted delivery terms and conditions
727	I believe this seller will deliver to me a product that matches the posted description.
729	How would you rate your own willingness to undertake risky business propositions compared to other individuals?
730	I believe the CONFIG project has a high probability of success.
731	I believe the CONFIG project has a low probability of success.
732	I believe there are very little risks in continuing to fun the CONFIG project.
733	I believe there are substantial risks in continuing to fund the CONFIG project.
734	How likely is it that you personally would choose to continue with the CONFIG project?
736	I will receive monetary rewards in return for my knowledge sharing.
737	I will receive additional points for promotion in return for my knowledge sharing.
738	My knowledge sharing would strengthen the ties between existing members in the organization.
739	My knowledge sharing would get me well-acquainted with new members in the organization.
740	My knowledge sharing would expand the scope of my association with other members in the organization.
741	My knowledge sharing would draw smooth cooperation from outstanding members in the future.
742	My knowledge sharing would create strong relationships with members who have common interests in the organization.
743	My knowledge sharing would help other members in the organization solve problems.
744	My knowledge sharing would create new business opportunities for the organization.
745	My knowledge sharing would improve work processes in the organization.
746	My knowledge sharing would increase productivity in the organization.
747	My knowledge sharing would help the organization achieve its performance objectives.
748	Members in my department keep close ties with each other.
749	Members in my department consider other members' standpoint highly.
750	Members in my department have a strong feeling of  one team .
751	Members in  my department cooperate well with each other.
752	My department encourages suggesting ideas for new opportunities.
753	My department puts much value on taking risks even if that turns out to be a failure.
754	My department encourages finding new methods to perform a task.
755	I can trust my boss's evaluation to be good.
756	Objectives which are given to me are reasonable.
757	My boss doesn't show favoritism to anyone.
758	My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is good.
759	My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is harmful.
760	My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is an enjoyable experience.
761	My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is valuable to me.
762	My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is a wise move.
763	My CEO thinks that I should share my knowledge with other members in the organization.
764	My boss thinks that I should share my knowledge with other members in the organization.
765	My colleagues think I should share my knowledge with other members in the organization.
766	Generally speaking  I try to follow the CEO's policy and intention.
767	Generally speaking  I accept and carry out my boss's decision even though it is different from mine.
768	Generally speaking  I respect and put in practice my colleague's decision.
769	I will share my work reports and official documents with members of my organization more frequently in the future.
770	I will always provide my manuals  methodologies and models for members of my organization.
771	I intend to share my experience or know-how from work with other organizational members more frequently in the future.
772	I will always provide my know-where or know-whom at the request of other organizational members.
773	I will try to share my expertise from my education or training with other organizational members in a more effective way.
774	By using the system I can decide more quickly and more easily which movie I want to go see than in the past.
775	By using the system I can better decide which movie I want to go see than in the past.
776	By using the system I am better informed about new movies.
777	By using the system I can decide more quickly and more easily whether I want to go see a particular movie or not.
778	By using the system I can better decide whether I want to go see a particular movie or not.
779	The interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
780	Interaction with the system does not require a lot of mental effort.
781	I find the system easy to use.
782	I find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
787	I intend to revisit the system shortly.
788	I predict that I will revisit the system in the short term.
789	What is the extent of FEDI adoption by your firm's competitors currently?
790	My main competitors that have adopted FEDI have benefitted greatly.
791	My main competitors that have adopted FEDI are perceived favorably by others in the same industry.
792	My main competitors that have adopted FEDI are perceived favorably by suppliers.
793	My main competitors that have adopted FEDI are perceived favorably by customers.
794	With regard to my main suppliers that have adopted FEDI my firm's well-being depends on their resources.
795	With regard to my main suppliers that have adopted FEDI my firm cannot easily switch away from them.
796	With regard to my main suppliers that have adopted FEDI my firm MUST maintain good relationships with them.
797	With regard to my main suppliers that have adopted FEDI they are the core suppliers in a concentrated industry.
799	What is the extent of FEDI adoption by your firm's suppliers currently?
800	What is the extent of FEDI adoption by your firm's customers currently?
802	FEDI is conceptually difficult to understand from a business perspective.
803	FEDI is conceptually difficult to understand from a technical perspective.
804	Using FEDI is difficult.
805	Using FEDI is difficult to maintain an audit trail.
806	Using FEDI is difficult to trace and resolve transactional errors.
807	Using FEDI is difficult to understand and visualize the whole process of cash disbursement and collection.
808	I am contemplating to adopt FEDI in a year's time.
809	I am likely to adopt FEDI in a year's time.
814	I would use my credit card to purchase from the online vendor.
815	I am very likely to provide the online vendor with the information it needs to better serve  my needs.
817	It is easy to become skillful at using the Web site.
818	Learning to operate the Web site is easy.
819	The Web site is flexible to interact with.
820	My interaction with the Web site is clear and understandable.
823	The Web site improves my performance in CD/book searching and buying.
824	The Web site enables me to search and buy CDs/books faster.
825	The Web site enhances my effectiveness in CD/book searching and buying.
827	The Web site increases my productivity in searching and purchasing CDs/books.
828	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is honest.
829	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it cares about customers.
830	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is not opportunistic.
832	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is predictable.
834	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it knows the market.
835	The online vendor has nothing to gain by being dishonest in its interactions with me.
836	The online vendor has nothing to gain by not being knowledgeable when helping me.
837	The online vendor has nothing to gain by not caring about me.
839	I am familiar with the online vendor through visiting the site and searching for CDs/books.
840	I am familiar with the online vendor through purchasing CDs/books at this site.
841	I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because the Better Business Bureau will protect me.
842	I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because it provides a 1-800 number.
843	I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because of its statements of guarantees.
845	The steps required to search for and order a CD/book are typical of other similar Web sites.
846	The information requested of me at this Web site is the type of information most similar type Web sites request.
853	How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved: Low implementation and service costs.
854	How How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved: Access to best technology.
855	How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved: Better maintenance support.
856	How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved: Ability to implement IT solutions rapidly.
857	How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved: Ability to integrate infromation from various functional applications.
858	When these IS units promise to do something by a certain time  they will do so
859	These IS units will be dependable
860	They will provide their services at the times they promise to do so
861	Employees will give prompt service to users
862	Employees will always be willing to help others
863	Employees will never be too busy to respond to users' requests
864	I could complete my job using the technology if there was no one around to tell me what to do.
865	I could complete my job using the technology if I had never used a package like it before.
866	I could complete my job using the technology if I had only the software manuals for reference.
867	I could complete my job using the technology if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
868	I could complete my job using the technology if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
869	I could complete my job using the technology if someone else helped me get started.
870	I could complete my job using the technology if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
871	I could complete my job using the technology if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
872	I could complete my job using the technology if someone showed me how to do it first.
873	I could complete my job using the technology if I had used similar packages like this one before to do the job.
874	My company's senior management is satisfied with security and privacy offered by the ASP.
875	My company's senior management is willing to share workload and information with an ASP.
876	My company's MIS department is satisfied with the security and privacy offered by the ASP.
877	Our MIS is willing to share workload and information with an ASP.
878	Overall  I am satisfied with the ASP's way of implementing IS projects.
879	I feel apprehensive about using computers.
880	It scares me to think that I could cause the computer to destroy a large amount of information by hitting the wrong key.
881	I hesitate to use a computer for fear of making mistakes that I cannot correct.
882	Computers are somewhat intimidating to me.
889	These IS units will give users individual attention
890	These IS units will have employees who give users personal attention
891	These IS units will have the users' best interest at heart
892	The employees of these IS units will understand the specific needs of their users
893	Did project success depend on the joint collaboration of the (IS staff) (users) and yourself?
894	Did senior management encourage the joint collaboration of users and the IS staff for the project?
895	Did the (IS staff) (users) depend on you in order to accomplish their project work?
896	Did you depend on the (IS staff) (users) in order to accomplish your project work?
897	If I heard abut a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
898	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
899	In general  I am hesitant to try out new information technologies.
900	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
901	Our systems allow continuous monitoring of order status at various stages in the process.
902	Our systems can easily transmit  integrate  and process data from suppliers  vendors and customers.
903	Employees can easily retrieve information support.
904	Data is easily shared among internal systems in my company.
905	Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning the goals and objectives of the system?
906	Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning the physical design of the system (e.g.  inputs  screens  menus  report formats  etc.)?
907	Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning when or how the system should be implemented?
908	Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning how the project should be managed (e.g.  staffing the project team  calling and running meetings  reporting to senior management  etc.?
909	ASPs should support all our business application outsourcing needs.
910	ASPs should be profitable and stable companies.
911	ASPs should have experience in my industry or vertical market.
922	ASPs should have tracking tools and systems to prove Service Level Agreements achievement.
923	ASPs should have Service Level Agreements on network reliability and security.
924	ASPs should have Service Level Agreements on application response time.
925	Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from attaining your system goals and objectives?
926	Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from attaining their system goals and objectives?
927	Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from achieving the physical design that you desired?
928	Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from achieving the physical design that they desired?
929	Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from implementing the system in the way you desired?
930	Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from implementing the system in the way they desired?
931	Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from managing the project in the way you desired?
932	Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from managing the project in the way they desired?
933	Relationship with IS staff: dissonant- harmonious.
934	Relationship with IS staff: bad- good.
935	Processing of requests for changes to existing systems: fast- slow.
936	Processing of requests for changes to existing systems: untimely- timely.
937	Degree of IS training provided to users: complete- incomplete.
938	Degree of IS training provided to users: low- high.
939	Users' understanding of systems: insufficient- sufficient.
940	Users' understanding of systems: complete- incomplete.
941	Users' feelings of participation: positive- negative.
942	Users' feelings of participation: insufficient- sufficient.
943	Attitude of the IS staff: cooperative- belligerent.
944	Attitude of the IS staff: negative- positive.
945	Reliability of output information: high- low.
946	I picture some future misfortune.
947	I can't get some thoughts out of my head.
948	I keep busy to avoid uncomfortable thoughts.
949	I have to be careful not to let my real feeling show.
950	Internal development offers a better way than ASP to get needed IT functionality.
951	Internal development is better than ASP if we want to be less vulnerable to network failures.
952	Internal development offers less of a threat of IT solution being obsolete than ASP.
953	During the project  did the (IS staff) (users) do things which made you feel frustrated?
954	During the project  did you do things which made the (IS staff) (users) feel frustrated?
955	During the project  did the (IS staff) (users) do things which made you feel angry?
956	During the project  did you do things which made the (IS staff) (users) feel angry?
957	From your experience with ASP  how much do you agree or disagree that outsourcing to an ASP was better or worse than expected for the following factors: Long implementation period.
958	From your experience with ASP  how much do you agree or disagree that outsourcing to an ASP was better or worse than expected for the following factors: Overlap of existing capabilities.
959	From your experience with ASP  how much do you agree or disagree that outsourcing to an ASP was better or worse than expected for the following factors: Obsolete IT solution.
960	From your experience with ASP  how much do you agree or disagree that outsourcing to an ASP was better or worse than expected for the following factors: Vulnerability to network problems.
961	From your experience with ASP  how much do you agree or disagree that outsourcing to an ASP was better or worse than expected for the following factors: Security record of ASP.
962	From your experience with ASP  how much do you agree or disagree that outsourcing to an ASP was better or worse than expected for the following factors: Loss of control over information.
963	I intend to continue using OBD rather than discontinue its use.
964	My intentions are to continue using OBD than use any alternative means (traditional banking)
965	If I could  I would like to discontinue my use of OBD
966	How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Very dissatisfied- very satisfied.
967	How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Very displeased- very pleased.
968	How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Very frustrated- very contented.
969	How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Absolutely terrible- absolutely delighted.
970	Using OBD improves my performance in managing personal finances.
971	Using OBD increases my productivity in managing personal finances.
972	Using OBD enhances my effectiveness in managing personal finances.
973	Overall  OBD is useful in managing personal finances.
974	My experience with using OBD was better than what I expected.
975	The service level provided by OBD was better than what I expected.
976	Overall  most of my expectations from using OBD were confirmed.
979	In evaluating the above statement: I found that  the information I used to evaluate this statement can be interpreted in several ways.
980	In evaluating the above statement: I felt that  the information used in evaluating this statement may mean different things to different members of the Board of Trustees.
982	Using the second system enabled me to accomplish my evaluation task more quickly.
983	Using the second system improved the quality of the evaluation I performed.
984	Using the second system made the evaluation task easier to do.
985	Using the second system enhanced my effectiveness in completing the evaluation task.
986	Using the second system increased my productivity in performing the evaluation task.
987	Using the second system allowed me to accomplish or view more information related to understanding the two departments than would otherwise have been possible.
988	The second system enhanced the quality of my evaluation judgment.
989	The second system supported all the various types of activities required to complete the evaluation task.
990	Overall  I found the second system useful in performing the evaluation task.
991	I intend to allow the employee to continue to work on the integrated system.
1020	Learning to use computers is easy for me.
1021	I find it easy to get computers to do what I want them to do.
1022	It is easy for me to become skillful at using computers.
1023	I find computers easy to use.
1026	Using computers improves my job performance.
1027	Using computers improves my productivity on the job.
1028	I find using computers useful in my job.
1029	Using computers enhances my effectiveness on the job.
1046	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
1047	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
1048	Specialized instruction and education concerning software is available to me.
1049	Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware  software  printers  and other equipment.
1050	To what extent have you had internal training (e.g. training provided by other computer users or computer specialists in the company):Operation systems?
1051	To what extent have you had internal training (e.g. training provided by other computer users or computer specialists in the company):Spreadsheets?
1052	To what extent have you had internal training (e.g. training provided by other computer users or computer specialists in the company):Word processing?
1053	To what extent have you had internal training (e.g. training provided by other computer users or computer specialists in the company):Application packages (e.g.  accounting or payroll packages.)?
1054	Management is aware of the benefits that can be achieved with the use of computers.
1055	Management always supports and encourages the use of computers for job-related work.
1056	Management provides most of the necessary help and resources to enable people to use computers.
1057	Management is really keen to see that people are happy using computers.
1058	Management provides good access to hardware resources when people need them.
1059	Management provides good access to various types of software when people need them.
1060	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
1061	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
1062	Specialized instruction and education concerning software is available to me.
1063	Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware  software  printers  and other equipment.
1068	To what extent have you had external training (e.g.  training provided by other computer users  friends  vendors  consultants  or educational institutions external to the company): Operation systems?
1069	To what extent have you had external training (e.g.  training provided by other computer users  friends  vendors  consultants  or educational institutions external to the company):Spreadsheets?
1070	To what extent have you had external training (e.g.  training provided by other computer users  friends  vendors  consultants  or educational institutions external to the company):Word processing?
1071	To what extent have you had external training (e.g.  training provided by other computer users  friends  vendors  consultants  or educational institutions external to the company):Application packages (e.g.  accounting or payroll packages)?
1072	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Nonessential- Essential.
1073	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Trivial- Fundamental.
1074	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Insignificant- Significant.
1075	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Unimportant- Important.
1076	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Not Needed- Needed.
1077	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Irrelevant to me- Relevant to me.
1078	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Of no concern to me- Of concern to me.
1079	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Doesn't matter to me- Matters to me.
1080	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Means nothing to me- Means a lot to me.
1084	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Useless- Useful.
1085	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Bad- Good.
1086	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Worthless- Valuable.
1087	I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Terrible- Terrific.
1091	If you were allowed to participate in developing accounting and management information systems applications  to what extent do you believe you could effectively contribute in the following area: Defining report formats?
1092	If you were allowed to participate in developing accounting and management information systems applications  to what extent do you believe you could effectively contribute in the following area: Defining screen layouts?
1093	If you were allowed to participate in developing accounting and management information systems applications  to what extent do you believe you could effectively contribute in the following area: Defining input and output forms?
1094	If you were allowed to participate in developing accounting and management information systems applications  to what extent do you believe you could effectively contribute in the following area: Creating user procedural manuals?
1095	As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Defining report formats
1096	As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Defining screen layouts
1097	As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Defining input and output forms
1098	As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Creating user procedural manuals
1109	Do you feel that you are really a part of this work group?
1110	If you had a chance to do the same kind of work in another student work group how would you feel about moving?
1111	How does this group compare with other student groups on each fo the following points: The way people get along together?
1112	How does this group compare with other student groups on each of the following points: The way people work together?
1113	How does this group compare with other student groups on each of the following points: The way people help each other?
1114	Were group members well committed to the goals and objectives of the group (during the meeting)?
1115	To what extent was trust exhibited within the group (during this meeting)?
1116	Did members have a strong sense of belonging to the group (during this meeting)?
1117	Did group members recognize and respect individual differences and contributions (during this meeting)?
1118	Were group members open and frank in expressing their ideas and feelings (during this meeting)?
1119	Overall  I was personally satisfied with this decision meeting.
1120	This group produced effective and valuable results during this meeting.
1121	I agree with the final decision of the group.
1122	Overall  the quality of this meeting was high.
1126	I can't get data that is current enough to meet my business needs.
1127	The data is up to date enough for my purposes.
1132	It is easy to find out what data the corporation maintains on a given subject.
1133	It is easy to locate corporate or divisional data on a particular issue  even if I haven't used that data before.
1136	Data that would be useful to me is unavailable because I don't have the right authorization.
1137	Getting authorization to access data that would be useful to my job is time consuming and difficult.
1138	I could complete the job using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
1139	I could complete the job using the software package if I had never used a package like it before.
1140	I could complete the job using the software package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
1141	I could complete the job using the software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
1142	I could complete the job using the software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
1143	I could complete the job using the software package if someone else had helped me get started.
1144	I could complete the job using the software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
1145	I could complete the job using the software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
1146	I could complete the job using the software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
1147	I could complete the job using the software package if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
1148	There are times when I find that supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is inconsistent.
1149	Sometimes it is difficult for me to compare or consolidate data from two different sources because the data is defined differently.
1150	When it's necessary to compare or consolidate data from different sources  I find that there may be unexpected or difficult inconsistencies.
1151	IS  to my knowledge  meets its production schedules such as report delivery and running scheduled jobs.
1152	Regular IS activities (such as printed report delivery or running scheduled jobs) are completed on time.
1153	I can count on the system to be  up  and available when I need it.
1154	The computer systems I use are subject to unexpected or inconvenient down times which makes it harder to do my work.
1155	The computer systems I use are subject to frequent problems and crashes.
1163	It is easy to learn how to use the computer systems I need.
1164	The computer systems I use are convenient and easy to use.
1180	The IS people we deal with understand the day-to-day objectives of my work group and its mission within our company.
1181	My work group feels that IS personnel can communicate with us in familiar business terms that are consistent.
1190	IS has up-to-date hardware and software.
1191	IS's physical facilities are visually appealing.
1192	IS's employees are well dressed and neat in appearance.
1193	The appearance of the physical facilities of IS  in keeping with the kind of services provided.
1194	I like working with computers.
1195	Once I get working on the computer  I find it hard to stop.
1196	I feel apprehensive about using computers.
1197	When IS promises to do something by a certain time  it does so.
1198	When users have a problem  IS shows a sincere interest in solving it.
1199	IS is dependable.
1200	IS provides its services at the times it promises to do so.
1201	IS insists on error-free records.
1206	IS tell users exactly when services will be performed.
1207	IS employees give prompt service to users.
1208	IS employees are always willing to help users.
1209	IS employees are never be too busy to respond to users' requests.
1210	The behavior of IS employees instills confidence in users.
1211	Users will feel safe in their transactions with IS's employees.
1212	IS employees are consistently courteous with users.
1213	IS employees have the knowledge to do their job well.
1214	IS gives users individual attention.
1215	IS has operating hours convenient to all its users.
1216	IS has employees who give users personal attention.
1217	IS has the users' best interests at heart.
1218	Employees of IS understand the specific needs of its users.
1226	When excellent information services promise to do something by certain time  they will do so.
1227	Excellent information services will perform the service right the first time.
1228	Excellent information services will provide their services at the time they promise to do so.
1235	When our information services promises to do something by a certain time  it does so.
1236	Our information services performs the services right the first time.
1237	Our information services provides its services at the time it promises to do so.
1238	I feel that I control computer rather than computers control me.
1239	Computers dehumanize society by treating everyone as a number.
1240	I don't feel helpless when using the computer.
1241	Computers don't have the potential to control our lives.
1242	I usually have to make my work fit the computer rather than computer fit my work.
1243	I clearly understand what input computers want.
1244	Working with computers is so complicated it is difficult to understand what is going on.
1245	Computer terminology sounds like confusing jargon to me.
1246	I understand computer output.
1247	Employees in excellent information services will give prompt service to users.
1248	Employees in excellent information services will always be willing to help users.
1249	Employees in excellent information services will never be too busy to respond to users.
1253	Employees in our information services give you prompt service.
1254	Employees in our information services are always willing to help you.
1255	Employees in our information services are never too busy to respond to your requests.
1259	Computers encourage unethical practices.
1260	I trust computer suppliers.
1261	There is a big discrepancy between computer and software qualities claimed by computer elite and the real qualities
1262	Found the course a good learning experience.
1263	Learned more because of class format.
1264	Course was boring.
1265	Student comments were useful to me.
1266	I get along well with computer professionals.
1267	Computer professionals are just naturally friendly and helpful
1268	I do not like to be associated with any computer department.
1269	Group work contributed to course quality.
1270	Group work contributed to learning.
1271	Group work was fun.
1272	The behavior of employees in excellent information services will instill confidence in users.
1273	Employees in excellent information services will be consistently courteous with users.
1274	Employees in excellent information services will have the knowledge to answer users' questions.
1275	Using a computer is an enjoyable experience.
1276	If I had to use a computer  it would probably be more trouble than it's worth.
1277	I sometimes get nervous just thinking about computers.
1278	The behavior of employees in our information services instills confidence in you.
1279	Employees in our information services are consistently courteous with you.
1280	Employees in our information services have the knowledge to answer your questions.
1281	I would use computers even if it were not expected of me.
1282	I don't care what other people say  computers are not for me.
1283	Society values computers too highly.
1284	Excellent information services will give users individual attention.
1285	Excellent information services will have employees who give users personal attention.
1286	Excellent information services will have the user's best interests at heart.
1287	The employees of excellent information services will understand the specific needs of their users.
1288	Our information services gives you individual attention.
1289	Our information services has employees who give you personal attention.
1290	Our information services has your best interests at heart.
1291	Employees of our information services understand your specific needs.
1292	Information Systems/Data Processing staff kept me informed.
1293	I formally reviewed work done by Information Systems/Data Processing.
1294	I formally approved work done by Information Systems/Data Processing.
1309	I had responsibility to select hardware/software.
1310	I had responsibility for estimating development costs.
1311	I had responsibility to request additional funds.
1312	I was the leader of the project team.
1315	I defined/helped define report formats.
1316	I created the user propcedures manual.
1317	I designed the user training program.
1327	How would you rate your chances for promotion to a higher position sometime during your career with your company?
1347	I am concerned about threats to my personal privacy.
1348	How useful to you has computer-based information been during the annual budget preparation process?
1349	How useful to you has computer-based information been for day-to-day expenditure decisions?
1350	How useful to you has computer-based information been in managing your financial resources in order to prevent overspending?
1351	How useful to you has computer-based information been in identifying where there might be slack resources that could be to other purposes?
1352	Consumers have lost all control over how personal information is used.
1353	Americans begin surrendering their privacy the day they open their first charge account.
1354	How useful to you has computer-based information been in evaluating the relative performance of the subunits within your department or division?
1355	How useful to you has computer-based information been in identifying problems  abuses or inefficiencies in the unit(s) you supervise?
1356	How useful to you has computer-based information been in providing indicators of departmental or subunit performance  e.g.  employee turnover or absenteeism  service needs  facility usage  cost of programs?
1357	Companies should not use personal information for any purpose other than the one authorized.
1358	A company should not share personal information about me without my permission.
1359	The computer does not provide the precise information I need for my work.
1360	The computer makes new information available to me that was not previously available.
1361	The computer provides me with more up-to-date information than that available in manual files.
1362	Computer based data are not available for the analysis of specific questions or problems.
1375	Shopping at home saves time over shopping in a store.
1376	I enjoy being able to shop by mail or phone when it's convenient for me.
1377	I would be annoyed if I could not receive mail offers or catalogs geared to my interests.
1378	It's not a problem to receive catalogs that don't interest me; I just throw them away.
1379	It annoys me that I receive so many unsolicited catalogs and mail offers that don't interest me.
1380	Computers have made it easier for me to get the information I need.
1381	Computers save me time in looking for information.
1382	Difficulties in accessing computer-based data gathered or held by other departments and agencies.
1383	If I choose  I can have my name removed from mailing lists.
1384	When I receive mail offers I don't want  I am aware of procedures that allow me to remove my name from these mailing lists.
1385	The computer produces large volumes of data which require considerable wading through to find the information I need.
1386	Information I need is on the computer  but it requires special programming to get it out.
1387	Difficulties in transferring computer-based data between microcomputers and larger computers.
1405	Receive coupons for previously purchased items. How do you view this use of personal information?
1406	Receive coupons for a competitive product. How do you view this use of personal information?
1407	Receive subscription offer for a magazine previously purchased. How do you view this use of personal information?
1408	Environmental group solicits people who buy natural foods and are profiled as  health-conscious . How do you view this use of personal information?
1409	Weight Watchers solicits people who buy low calorie foods and are profiled as  weight-conscious . How do you view this use of personal information?
1410	Employer mails letter warning of risks of alcohol to employees who buy beer or wine from the grocery store. How do you view this use of personal information?
1411	Dating service solicits people who buy  single serving  products. How do you view this use of personal information?
1412	Grocery store overlays database with purchasing power and estimated income data from credit card company. How do you view this use of personal information?
1413	Store categorizes customers based on credit card data and targets people based on income. How do you view this use of personal information?
1414	Grocery store overlays database with motor vehicle  direct mail response  and presence of credit card data from commercial database compiler. How do you view this use of personal information?
1415	Book club solicits people who shop by mail  drive a foreign car  and buy paperback books and gourmet foods. How do you view this use of personal information?
1416	How much do you rely on experts or technically trained individuals to interpret and summarize computer based information?
1437	Do departments and agencies within your local government establish written objectives for the programs and services they provide?
1438	Do city departments have measures of performance in meeting the objectives of city programs?
1439	Have city departments and agencies implemented cost accounting procedures to track or estimate the cost of major programs or activities?
1478	The proportion of departmental co-workers who use a PC.
1479	The senior management of this business unit has been helpful in introducing PCs.
1480	My boss is very supportive of PC use for my job.
1481	In general  the organization has supported the introduction of PCs.
1482	PCs make work more interesting.
1483	Working with a PC is fun.
1484	PCs are okay for some jobs but not the kind of job I want.
1485	Which of the following best describes the CEO’s role in the corporate IT steering committee: is the defacto steering committee- no steering committee exists.
1486	Does the CEO personally use information technology?
1487	How knowledgeable is the CEO about IT opportunities and possibilities for your firm?
1488	How knowledgeable is the CEO about IT innovations that have been developed by major competitors?
1491	Using a PC takes too much time from my normal duties.
1492	Working with PCs is so complicated  it is difficult to understand what is going on.
1493	Using a PC involves too much time doing mechanical operations (e.g.  data input)
1494	It takes too long to learn how to use a PC to make it worth the effort.
1495	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Spontaneous
1496	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Unimaginative
1497	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Flexible
1498	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Creative
1499	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Playful
1500	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Unoriginal
1501	For this adjective  please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Uninventive
1502	Use of a PC will have no effect on the performance of my job.
1503	Use of a PC can decrease the time needed for my important job responsibilities.
1504	Use of a PC can significantly increase the quality of output of my job.
1505	Use of a PC can increase the effectiveness of performing job tasks (e.g.  analysis)
1506	A PC can increase the quantity of output for same amount of effort.
1507	Considering all tasks  the general extent to which use of PC could assist on job.
1508	Use of a PC will increase the level of challenge on my job.
1509	Use of a PC will increase the opportunity for preferred future job assignments.
1510	Use of a PC will increase the amount of variety on my job.
1511	Use of a PC will increase the opportunity for more meaningful work.
1512	Use of a PC will increase the flexibility of changing jobs.
1513	Use of a PC will increase the opportunity to gain job security.
1514	Which of the following statements best describes the importance that your CEO perceives IT to be for your firm: Considers IT as the single most critical factor for the firm- has little concern for the potential utility of IT.
1515	Which of the following best describes the CEO’s prevailing thinking about funds the firm spends on IT: View IT as an expense to be controlled- views IT as a strategic investment.
1516	How often does your CEO indorse major IT investments that have not been endorsed by traditional justification criteria and procedures?
1517	What is the CEO’s vision for IT?
1518	Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware and software.
1519	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
1520	Specialized instruction concerning the popular software is available to me.
1521	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
1525	If you are a highly effective performer in your current job  the likelihood (probability) that you will frequently work overtime to meet deadline is:
1526	If you are a highly effective performer in your current job  the likelihood (probability) that you will be admired by your peers and colleagues is:
1527	If you are a highly effective performer in your current job  the likelihood (probability) that you will be assigned challenging duties that increase your professional competence is:
1528	If you are a highly effective performer in your current job  the likelihood (probability) that you will get more economic rewards than in another job is:
1529	If you are a highly effective performer in your current job  the likelihood (probability) that you will have good future job security is:
1530	If you are a highly effective performer in your current job  the likelihood (probability) that you will be promised to a more influential job is:
1531	With these factors in mind  indicate the attractiveness to you of being a highly effective performer in your current job.
1532	If you exert a great effort  the likelihood (probability) that you will be a highly effective performer in this job is:
1533	With the information above in mind  how much effort do you make to be a highly effective performer in your current job?
1534	Interpersonal communication
1535	Interpersonal behavior
1536	Group Dynamics
1537	Project Management
1561	My job would be difficult to perform without electronic mail.
1562	Using electronic mail gives me greater control over my work.
1563	Using electronic mail improves my job performance.
1564	The electronic mail system addresses my job-related needs.
1565	Using electronic mail saves me time.
1566	Electronic mail enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
1567	Electronic mail supports critical aspects of my job.
1568	Using electronic mail allows me to accomplish more work than would otherwise be possible.
1569	Using electronic mail reduces the time I spend on unproductive activities.
1570	Using electronic mail enhances my effectiveness on the job.
1571	Using electronic mail improves the quality of the work I do.
1572	Using electronic mail increases my productivity.
1573	Using electronic mail makes it easier to do my job.
1574	Overall  I find the electronic mail system useful in my job.
1579	Using CHART-MASTER in my job would enable me to accomplish my tasks more quickly
1580	Using CHART-MASTER would improve my job performance
1581	Using CHART-MASTER in my job would increase my productivity
1582	Using CHART-MASTER would enhance my effectiveness on the job
1583	Using CHART-MASTER would make it easier to do my job
1584	I would find CHART-MASTER useful in my job
1587	I often become confused when I use the electronic mail system.
1588	I make errors frequently when using electronic mail.
1589	Interacting with the electronic mail system is often frustrating.
1590	I need to consult the user manual often when using electronic mail.
1591	Interacting with the electronic mail system requires a lot of my mental effort.
1592	I find it easy to get the electronic mail system to do what I want it to do.
1593	The electronic mail system often behaves in unexpected ways.
1594	I find it cumbersome to use the electronic mail system.
1595	My interaction with the electronic mail system is easy for me to understand.
1596	It is easy for me to remember how to perform tasks using the electronic mail.
1597	The electronic mail system provides helpful guidance in performing tasks.
1598	Overall  I find the electronic mail system easy to use.
1619	Learning to operate CHART-MASTER would be easy for me
1620	I would find it easy to get CHART- MASTER to do what I want it to
1621	My interaction with CHART-MASTER would be clear and understandable
1622	I would find CHART- MASTER to be flexible to interact with
1623	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using CHART-MASTER
1624	I would find CHART-MASTER easy to use
1650	System implementation was a success at my agency.
1651	All in all  I am satisfied with the way implementation was handled at my agency.
1652	Implementation was a stressful process.
1653	Too many demands were placed on staff like me during implementation.
1665	My manager did not agree with the implementation staff about how to implement the system
1666	My manager was unhappy about our agency going on the system
1667	My manager is satisfied with the computer system
1668	Does the system provide the precise information you need?
1669	Does the information content meet your needs?
1670	Does the system provide reports that seem to be just about exactly what you need?
1671	Does the system provide sufficient information?
1672	Is the system accurate?
1673	Are you satisfied with the accuracy of the system?
1683	Do you think the output is presented in a useful format?
1684	Is the information clear?
1685	Is the system user friendly?
1686	Is the system easy to use?
1687	Do you get the information you need in time?
1688	Does the system provide up-to-date information?
1728	I am required to submit an explanation in writing about causes of DP operations budget variances.
1729	I am required to report actions I take to correct causes of DP operations budget variances.
1730	Variations in the quantity of DP operations services used cause corresponding variations in my DP operations services.
1731	DP operations costs vary in proportion to my use of DP operations services.
1732	I evaluated thoroughly my DP operations needs when preparing my DP operations budget.
1733	I was involved in the preparation of my DP operations budget.
1734	I find it necessary to stop some DP operations activities in my unit when budgeted funds are used up.
1735	I keep a close look at variances in my DP operations budget.
1736	Development and maintenance of DP applications initiate the development of a new application.
1737	Development and maintenance of DP applications modify an existing application.
1738	Bills on DP operating costs are: meaningful- meaningless
1739	Bills on DP operating costs are: understandable- mysterious
1740	Bills on DP operating costs are: reliable- unreliable
1741	Bills on DP operating costs are: accurate- inaccurate
1752	Pursue your ideas.
1753	Build a professional reputation.
1754	Work with competent colleagues.
1755	Work on technically challenging tasks.
1756	Work on professionally important projects.
1757	Have freedom to be creative and original.
1758	Be highly respected by your peers.
1759	Work on organizationally important projects.
1760	Work on projects leading to advancement.
1761	Be highly respected by top management.
1762	Receive substantial annual salary increases.
1763	Have a great deal of power and influence on the job.
1764	Receive a promotion with the next year or two.
1765	It usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal information.
1766	When companies ask me for personal information  I sometime think twice before providing it.
1767	It bothers me to give personal information to so many companies.
1768	I'm concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
1773	Companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
1774	When people give personal information to a company for some reason  the company should never use the information for any other reason.
1775	Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
1776	Companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
1777	Relationship with EDP staff.
1778	Processing of requests for system changes.
1779	Timeliness of output.
1780	User's understanding of system.
1781	User's participation.
1782	Currency of output.
1783	Attitude of EDP staff.
1784	Reliability of output.
1785	Convenience of access.
1786	Relevancy of output.
1787	Accuracy of output.
1788	Precision of output.
1789	Communication with EDP staff.
1790	Time required for systems development.
1791	Companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information.
1792	Computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access-no matter how much it costs.
1793	Companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
1794	All the personal information in computer databases should be double-checked for accuracy-no matter how much this costs.
1795	Companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
1796	Companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
1797	Companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
1798	How likely are you  within the next three years to: decide not to apply for something  like a job  credit  or insurance  because you do not want to provide certain kinds of information about yourself.
1799	How likely are you  within the next three years to: refuse to give information to a business or company because you think it is too personal.
1800	How likely are you  within the next three years to: take action to have your name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs  product  or services.
1801	How likely are you  within the next three years to: write or call a company to complain about the way it uses personal information.
1802	How likely are you  within the next three years to: write or call an elected official or consumer organization to complain about the way companies use personal information.
1803	How likely are you  within the next three years to: refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way a company uses personal information.
1804	How often have you personally been the victim of what you felt was an improper invasion of privacy?
1805	How much have you heard or read during the last year about the use and potential misuse of computerized information about consumers?
1836	How informed is your IS management team about business operations of each unit?
1837	How informed is your IS management team about business strategies of each unit?
1860	When you begin a task  how often do you know what external information will be required to complete the task?
1862	How often are you able to acquire the additional external information needed to complete a task?
1863	When you complete a task  how often are your conclusions based on adequate external information?
1864	How did job related requirements for external information change over the past six months?
1865	How much are job related requirements for external information expected to change over the next six months?
1866	Variety
1867	Autonomy
1868	Identity
1869	Significance
1870	Dealing with Others
1871	Job Specificity
1872	Client/Coworker Feedback
1873	To what extent are the problems you encounter new (that is  you have never encountered them before?
1882	Emphasizing Quantity of Output
1883	Emphasizing Quality of Output
1884	Correcting Poor Performance
1885	Setting Performance Expectations
1886	Setting Challenging Goals
1887	Amount of Work
1888	Time to Complete Work
1889	Quality of Work
1890	Meeting Assigned Deadlines
1891	Overall Contribution
1892	In some jobs  outcomes are unpredictable - if you do something to solve a problem you don't know what will happen. What percent of the time are you unsure that things will work out as expected?
1893	In the past 3 months  how often did difficult problems arise in your work for which there were no immediate or apparent methods for dealing with the problems?
1894	About how much time did you spend solving these work problems?
1895	How much the same are the day-to-day situations  problems  or issues you encounter in performing your major tasks (how much variability is there in your tasks or job)?
1896	How many of your tasks are the same from day to day?
1897	During a normal week  how frequently do exceptions arise in your work which require substantially different methods or procedures for doing them?
1898	To what extent do you have a one-person job?  That is  to get your work out  to what extent do you work independently of others to accomplish your assigned tasks?
1899	To what extent do  you meet with your colleagues to discuss how each task  case  or claim related to your work should be performed or treated?
1900	How many written rules and procedures exist for doing your major tasks?
1901	How precisely do these rules and procedures specify how your major tasks are to be done?
1902	To what extent did you follow standard operating procedures or practices to do your major tasks during the last 3 months?
1903	When considering the various situations that arise in performing your work  what percent of the time do you have written or unwritten procedures for dealing with them?
1905	How much influence do you have in determining what tasks to work on from day to day?
1906	How much influence do you have in determining how much work you have to complete?
1907	How much influence do you have in establishing rules and procedures about how your work is to be done?
1908	How much influence do you have in determining how work exceptions are to be handled?
4264	I like helping other people.
4265	It feels good to help others solve their problems.
4266	I enjoy helping others in the Message Boards.
4273	I know that other members will help me  so it's only fair to help other members.
4274	I trust that someone would help me if I were in a similar situation.
7486	Dissonant - Harmonious.
7487	Bad - Good.
7490	Cooperative - Belligerent.
7491	Negative - Positive.
7494	Sufficient - Insufficient.
7495	Adequate - Inadequate.
7498	Fast - Slow.
7499	Untimely - Timely.
7502	High - Low.
7503	Superior - Inferior.
7506	Useful - Useless.
7507	Relevant - Irrelevant.
7510	Inaccurate - Accurate.
7511	Low - High.
7514	Low - High.
7515	Definite - Uncertain.
7518	Unreasonable - Reasonable.
7519	Acceptable - Unacceptable.
7522	Complete - Incomplete.
7523	Low - High.
7526	Insufficient - Sufficient.
7527	Complete - Incomplete.
7530	Positive - Negative.
7531	Insufficient - Sufficient.
7535	Dissonant - Harmonious.
7536	Destructive - Productive.
17166	Using the system makes it easier to do my job.
21074	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The personal computer that you work with
21075	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The computing labs that you use
21076	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The mainframes that you access
21077	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The printers that you use
21078	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The networks that you access
21079	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The working relationship that you have with computer services
21080	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The technical skills that computer services staff possess
21081	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The attitude of computer services staff
21082	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The responsiveness of computer services staff
21083	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: Your access to computer services staff
21084	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: The effectiveness of computer services staff
21085	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: Your participation in making decisions about computer resources
21086	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: Your degree of control over computer resources
21087	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: Training programs available to you to learn about computing
21088	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: Steps that the administration (including your department head  dean  and university administration) have taken to improve computing facilities
21089	In general  how satisfied are you with the following: Resources provided for computing activities
21107	In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed  how does your design team rate on the number of innovations or new ideas introduced by the design team?
21108	In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed  how does your design team rate on your ability to coordinate with one another?
21109	In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed  how does your design team rate on your reputation for work excellence?
21110	In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed  how does your design team rate on your ability to meet the goals of the project?
21111	How would you rate this design team on the number of innovations or new ideas introduced by the design team?
21112	How would you rate this design team on their reputation for work excellence during requirements definition?
21113	How would you rate this design team on the ability to communicate with one another during requirements definition?
21114	How would you rate this design team on their ability to meet the goals of the project during requirements definition?
21115	This team has done a good job in figuring out how work will flow among team members.
21116	Team members have developed effective plans and procedures to coordinate work.
21117	This team has taken sufficient effort to ensure that the project being developed meets the user’s needs.
21118	This team does a good job of trying to ensure that the product being developed meets company demands.
21119	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in avoiding releasing information to others in the company to protect the team’s image and the product it is working on?
21120	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in controlling the release of information from the team in an effort to present the profile you want to show?
21121	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in keeping news about the team secret from others in the company until the appropriate time?
21122	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in persuading others to support the team's decisions?
21123	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in reviewing project design with others?
21124	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in reporting the team's progress to a higher organizational level.
21125	Please indicate the extent to which you currently see it as your responsibility to engage in scanning the environment inside the organization for threats to the project team?
21126	The people on this team get on my nerves.
21127	There is a lot of unpleasantness among people on our team.
21128	Dealing with the members of this team often leaves me feeling irritated and frustrated.
21129	Often I am disappointed with the other members of this design team.
21130	Members of our design team have example expertise for doing the work.
21131	Some people in our design team do not have enough knowledge or skill to do their part of the team’s task well. reverse
21132	Behavior in our design team is very orderly—it is clear what members are expected to do  and they do it.
21133	Our design team has the right mix of people needed to do its work well.
21134	The project manager is clear and explicit about how he or she wants our design team to operate.
21135	The project manager keeps a watchful eye on how each project is progressing  and alerts the team when he or she notices things that could be done to improve the team performance.
21136	The project manager goes out of his or her way to consult with other team members and to seek their ideas and advice.
21137	The project manager’s behavior shows that he or she cares a great deal about our being a good design team.
21138	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: send messages to other users.
21139	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: access a database  dictionary  diagram  etc. at the same time as another user.
21140	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: automatically maintain a record of the changes made in a design.
21141	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: instruct the tools to freeze a portion of the design to protect it from changes.
21142	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: represent a design in terms of the business.
21143	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: construct data flow diagrams.
21144	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: detect data definition inconsistencies with a data dictionary.
21145	Please indicate the frequency with which you perform that activity using CASE tools during the course of a normal work week while working on the project: search the design for redundancies using an entity list.
21154	Does the writing of books count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? All books count.
21155	Does the writing of books count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? Books count only if they contain new research contributions.
21156	Does the writing of books count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? Books count only when an author has written multiple books in one or more areas and/or the books are established as among the top in the field(s).
21157	Does the writing of books count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? Books do not count at all.
21158	Does the writing of journal publications count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? All journal publications count.
21159	Does the writing of journal publications count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? All recognized IS related journal publications count.
21160	Does the writing of journal publications count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? Only certain categories of journal publications count (i.e. “refereed” and/or “editorial reviewed”).
21161	Does the writing of journal publications count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? Only certain categories of IS journal publications count (i.e. “refereed” and/or “editorial reviewed”).
21162	Does the writing of journal publications count toward promotion and tenure/merit in your department? Journal publications do not count at all.
21163	On average  how important is teaching for your tenure and promotion decisions?
21164	On average  how important is teaching for your merit decisions?
21165	On average  how important is service for your tenure and promotion decisions?
21166	On average  how important is service for your merit decisions?
21167	On average  how important is research for your tenure and promotion decisions?
21168	On average  how important is research for your merit decisions?
21335	We attempt to be exhaustive in gathering information relevant for IS planning.
21336	Before a decision is made  each possible course of action is thoroughly evaluated.
21337	We attempt to determine optimal courses of action from identified alternatives.
21338	There is little trial-and-error in our strategic decision process.
21339	We will delay decisions until we are sure that all alternatives have been evaluated.
21340	Policies and procedures greatly influence the process of SISP within our firm.
21341	We utilize formalized planning techniques.
21342	Our process for strategic planning is very structured.
21343	Written guidelines exist to structure strategic IS planning in our organization.
21344	The process and outputs of strategic IS planning are formally documented.
21384	The primary focus of IS planning is controlling cost through extensive budgeting.
21385	In our IS planning process we encourage creativity and idea generation over control.
21386	Our IS planning process is tightly integrated with the firm’s normal financial planning or capital budgeting routine.
21387	Strategic IS planning is viewed as a means of controlling the growth of technology.
21388	Control systems are used to monitor variances between planned actions and outcomes.
21408	Strategic planning for IS is initiated at the highest levels of the organization.
21409	The planning flow within our organization can be characterized as ¡°topdown¡±.
21410	Planning for IS is initiated by requests/proposals from operational/ functional managers.
21411	Those who formulate strategic IS plans are most responsible for their implementation.
21412	The primary role of upper management is to endorse rather than formulate IS plans.
21413	Top-management is actively involved in strategic IS planning.
21414	A variety of functional area managers participate in the process of IS planning.
21415	Our process for strategic IS planning includes numerous participants.
21416	Strategic IS planning is a relatively isolated organizational activity.
21417	The level of participation in SISP by diverse interests of the organization is high.
21418	We constantly evaluate and review conformance to strategic plans.
21419	We frequently adjust strategic plans to better adapt them to changing conditions.
21420	Strategic IS planning is a continuous process.
21421	We formally plan for information systems as the need arises.
21422	We frequently schedule face-to-face meetings to discuss strategic planning issues.
21423	Understanding the strategic priorities of top management.
21424	Aligning IS strategies with the strategic plan of the organization.
21425	Adapting the goals/objectives of IS to changing goals/objectives of the organization.
21426	Maintaining a mutual understanding with top management on the role of IS in supporting strategy.
21427	Identifying IT-related opportunities to support the strategic direction of the firm.
21428	Educating top management on the importance of IT.
21429	Adapting technology to strategic change.
21430	Assessing the strategic importance of emerging technologies.
21431	Understanding the information needs of organizational subunits.
21432	Identifying opportunities for internal improvement in business processes through IT.
21433	Improved understanding of how the organization actually operates.
21434	Development of a “blueprint” which structures organizational processes.
21435	Monitoring of internal business needs and the capability of IS to meet those needs.
21436	Maintaining an understanding of changing organizational processes and procedures.
21437	Generating new ideas to reengineer business processes through IT.
21438	Understanding the dispersion of data  applications  and other technologies throughout the firm.
21439	Avoiding the overlapping development of major systems.
21440	Achieving a general level of agreement regarding the risks/tradeoffs among system projects.
21441	Establishing a uniform basis for prioritizing projects.
21442	Maintaining open lines of communication with other departments.
21443	Coordinating the development efforts of various organizational subunits.
21444	Identifying and resolving potential sources of resistance to IS plans.
21445	Developing clear guidelines of managerial responsibility for plan implementation.
21484	How knowledgeable is the top management team about potential and limitations of current IT?
21485	How knowledgeable is the top management team about potential and limitations of “next generation” IT?
21486	How knowledgeable is the top management team about how your competitors are applying IT?
21514	Which of the following best describes the senior IS executive's involvement with the top management team?
21515	On average  what is the frequency of informal contact between members of your top management team and the senior IS executive?
21516	On average  what is the frequency of informal contact between you and other members of the top management team?
21519	All individuals deserve equal treatment before the law.
21520	Man’s capacity for justice makes democracy possible; but man’s inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.
21521	To no man will we sell  or deny  or delay right or justice.
21522	All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
21531	Projects involving cost displacement or cost reduction.
21532	Projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support information to top management.
21533	Projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support information to middle and lower levels of management.
21534	Projects which enable development of new administrative control and planning process.
21535	Projects which offer significant tangible benefits through improved operational efficiencies.
21536	Projects involving applications of new technologies.
21537	Projects which appear to offer new ways for company to complete.
21538	Projects which will allow the company to develop and offer new products or services for sale.
21539	Projects involving development of new areas of application.
21540	Projects focusing on routine maintenance to meet evolving business needs  new regulatory or legal requirements.
21541	Projects focusing on existing systems enhancements.
21542	IS is used to offer significant new features to the existing product line.
21543	IS is not vital to our organization.
21544	IS is looked at as a competitive resource.
21545	IS breakdown for extended periods will affect organizational activities severely.
21546	Our company relies heavily on IS for efficient operation.
21547	IS breakdown will critically affect one or more of our functional departments.
21548	IS breakdown will affect our database access.
21549	IS breakdown will affect overall coordination within our organization.
21572	When I am uncertain how to act in social situations  I look to the behavior of others for clues
21573	My behavior is usually an expression of my true inner feelings  attitudes and beliefs
21574	At parties or other social gatherings  I do not attempt to do or say things that others will like
21575	In different situations and with different people  I often act like very different persons
21576	In order to get along and be liked  I tend to be what other people expect me to be rather than anything else
21577	I'm not always the person I appear to be
21578	I guess I put on a show to impress or entertain people
21579	Even if I'm not enjoying myself  I often pretend to be having a good time
21580	I may deceive people by being friendly when I really dislike them
21581	I would not change my opinions (or the way I do things) in order to please someone else or win their favor
21582	I feel a bit awkward in company and do not show up quite as well as I should
21712	The portal site is personalized in some way.
21713	In the next four weeks  how often will you visit this website?
21714	I intend to visit this website during the next four weeks within the following frequency.
21715	How do you feel about your overall experience of working on the programming task today?
21716	How do you feel about the quality of your programming solution?
21717	Imagine that we selected ten results at random from those who participated in this task. How would your performance rank among these ten results.
21721	I intend to use the system in the next <n> months.
21722	I predict I would use the system in the next <n> months.
21723	I plan to use the system in the next <n> months.
21724	The organization has provided the necessary resources for me to use the system.
21725	A specific help support person or group is available for assistance with system difficulties.
21726	Organizational technical and support infrastructure are available to help me in case of problems.
21742	The way X displays its products is attractive.
21743	X’s Internet site is aesthetically appealing.
21744	I like the way X’s Internet site looks.
21745	I think X’s Internet site is very exciting.
21746	The enthusiasm of X’s Internet site is catching; it picks me up.
21747	X doesn’t just sell products; it entertains me.
21748	Shopping from X’s internet site “gets me away from it all”.
21749	Shopping from X makes me feel like I am in another world.
21750	I get so involved when I shop from X that I forget everything else.
21751	I enjoy shopping from X’s Internet site for its own sake  not just for the items I may have purchased.
21752	I shop from X’s Internet site for the pure enjoyment of it.
21753	When I think of X  I think of excellence.
21754	I think of X as an expert in the merchandise it offers.
21755	Shopping from X is an efficient way to manage my time.
21756	Shopping from X’s Internet site makes my life easier.
21757	Shopping from X’s Internet site fits with my schedule.
21758	X products are a good economic value.
21759	Overall  I am happy with X’s prices.
21760	The prices of the product(s) I purchased from X’s Internet site are too high  given the quality of the merchandise.
21761	I like using this website.
21762	To me  this is the best retail website to do business with.
21763	I believe that this is my favorite retail website.
21764	I seldom consider switching to another website.
21765	As long as the present service continues  I doubt that I would switch to another website.
21766	I try to use this website whenever I need to make a purchase.
21767	Based on the prize wheel  how do you rate your chance of winning the 12 points?
21768	Based on the prize wheel  how do you rate your chance of winning the 34 points?
21769	The images used in the website are appropriate.
21770	The images used in the website are satisfying.
21771	The images used in the website are exciting.
21772	The images used in the website are interesting.
21773	The images used in the website make the products look appealing.
21774	There is a sense of human contact in the website.
21775	There is a sense of personalness in the website.
21776	There is a sense of sociability in the website.
21777	There is a sense of human warmth in the website.
21778	There is a sense of human sensitivity in the website.
21779	The task of selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor took too much time.
21780	Selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor required too much effort.
21781	Selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor was too complex.
21782	Assuming I had access to the system  I intend to use the virtual advisor.
21783	Assuming I had access to the system  I predict that I would use the virtual advisor.
21784	Assuming I had access to the system  I plan to use the virtual advisor.
21785	The virtual advisor allowed me to specify my preferred approach to generate recommendations.
21786	I had limited control over the way this virtual advisor made recommendations.
21787	This virtual advisor constrained my choice of possible approaches it can use to generate recommendations.
21788	In terms of my preferred way of selecting a digit camera  the approach this visual advisor used to generate recommendations was rigid.
21789	In terms of my preferred way of selecting a digital camera  this virtual advisor's reasoning processes for generating recommendations were restricted.
21790	Considering the time and effort that I have to spend  the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is worthwhile .
21791	Considering the loss that I incur  the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is of good value.
21792	Considering the hassle that I have to experience  the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is beneficial to me.
21793	I will not comply with the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21794	I will not cooperate with the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21795	I oppose the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21796	I do not agree with the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21797	I have already put a lot of time and effort into mastering the current way of working.
21798	It would take a lot of time and effort to switch to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21799	Switching to the new way of working with the NOP system could result in unexpected hassles.
21800	I would lose a lot in my work if I were to switch to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21801	Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would enhance my effectiveness on the job than working in the current way.
21802	Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would enable me to accomplish relevant tasks more quickly than working in the current way.
21803	Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would increase my productivity than working in the current way.
21804	Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would improve the quality of the work I do than working in the current way.
21805	Based on my own knowledge  skills and abilities  changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would be easy for me.
21806	I am able to change to the new way of working with the NOP system without the help of others.
21807	I am able to change to the new way of working with the NOP system reasonably well on my own.
21808	The company provides me guidance on how to change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21809	The management provides the necessary help and resources to enable me to change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21810	I am given the necessary support and assistance to change to the new way of working with the NOP system by the company.
21811	Most of my colleagues think the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is a good idea.
21812	My peers are supportive of the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21813	Most people whom I deal with in my job encourage my change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
21814	To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: untimely-timely?
21815	To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: inaccurate-accurate?
21816	To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: inadequate-adequate?
21817	To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: incomplete-complete?
21818	To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: not credible-credible?
21819	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on efficiency of operations?
21820	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on adherence to schedules?
21821	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on adherence to budgets?
21822	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on amount of produced work?
21823	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on quality of produced work?
21824	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on effectiveness of interactions with consultants?
21825	Relative to other comparable IS projects  how did your most recently completed project rate on ability to meet its goals?
21826	When providing project updates to the project executive  how often did you find that you had to understate project problems?
21827	When providing project updates to the project executive  how often did you find that you had to overstate project achievements?
21828	When providing project updates to the project executive  how often did you find that you had to overstate project problems?
21829	When providing project updates to the project executive  how often did you find that you had to understate project achievements?
21830	To what extent could the project executive distinguish between effective and ineffective systems development actions in the project?
21831	Please indicate your level of agreement with the following statement: “The project executive had a solid understanding of the systems development process.”
21832	Please indicate your level of agreement with the following statement: “The project executive had considerable knowledge about how to build and implement systems.”
21833	To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: untimely - timely?
21834	To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: inaccurate - accurate?
21835	To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: inadequate - adequate?
21836	To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: incomplete - complete?
21837	To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: not credible - credible?
21838	To what extent did you have confidence and trust in your project executive regarding his/her general fairness?
21839	How free did you feel to discuss with the project executive the problems and difficulties you had in this project without jeopardizing your position or having it “held against you” later?
21840	Project executives at times must make decisions that seem to be against the interests of their project managers. If this were to happen to you in this project  how much trust did you have that the project executive’s decision was justified by other considerations?
21841	In general  how much did you feel that the project executive could do to further your career?
21842	How much weight would the project executive’s recommendation have in any decision that would affect your professional standing?
21844	How often was your project executive successful in overcoming restrictions in getting you the things you needed in your job in this project (such as equipment  personnel  budgets  etc.)?
21845	Ease of use of software.
21846	Ability to customize outputs to various user needs.
21847	Range of outputs that can be generated.
21848	Overall responsiveness of the software to users.
21849	Comfortable in unfamiliar situations.
21850	Each day brings new challenges.
21851	People put in maximal effort.
21852	Important decisions made by individuals.
21853	Organization only interested in work people do.
21854	Little concern for personal problems of employees.
21855	People’s private life is their own business.
21856	Job competence is only criterion in hiring people.
21857	Think three years ahead or more.
21858	Only very special people fit in organization.
21859	Organization and people closed and secretive.
21860	New employees need more than a year to feel at home.
21861	Everybody cost-conscious.
21862	Meeting times kept punctually.
21863	Always speak seriously of organization and job.
21864	Pragmatic  not dogmatic in matters of ethics.
21865	Major emphasis on meeting customer needs.
21867	How often do you feel nervous at work?
21868	One can be a good manager without having precise answers to most questions that subordinates may raise about their work.
21869	Competition between employees usually does more harm than good.
21870	A company’s or organization’s rules should not be broken – not even when the employee thinks it is in the company’s best interest.
21871	In your private life  how important is personal steadiness and stability?
21872	In your private life  how importance is thrift?
21873	In your private life  how important is persistence (perseverance)?
21874	In your private life  how important is respect for tradition?
21875	In your job  how important would it be to you to have a good working relationship with your direct superior?
21876	In your job  how important would it be to you to be consulted by your direct superior in his/her decisions?
21877	In your experience  how frequently are subordinates afraid to express disagreement with their superiors?
21878	An organization's structure in which certain subordinates have two bosses should be avoided at all costs.
21879	In your job  how important would it be to you to have sufficient time for your personal or family life?
21880	In your job  how important would it be to you to have good physical working conditions?
21881	In your job  how important would it be to you to have security of employment?
21882	In your job  how important would it be to you to have an element of variety and adventure in the job?
21883	In your job  how important would it be to you to work well with people who cooperate well with one another?
21884	In your job  how important would it be to have an opportunity for advancement to higher level jobs?
21885	Most people can be trusted.
21886	When people have failed in life it is often their own fault.
21887	Our business relationship with [vendor name] is characterized by high levels of trust.
21888	Our firm and [vendor name] generally trust each other that each will stay within the terms of the contract.
21889	We and [vendor name] are generally skeptical of the information provided to each other .
21890	Amount of time required of me to learn to use the software/system at work: benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21891	Level of intellectual skills required of me to learn to use the software/system or interpret the information it generates: benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21892	Level of work pressure and stress I face (e.g.  updating IT skills  information and work overload  and electronic monitoring): benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21893	Amount of physical strain I suffer (e.g.  eye strain  pain in the neck/back/wrist/hand/shoulder/legs): benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21894	Gradually reducing the recognition of my non-IT experiences/skills/control at work: benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21895	Level of intellectual skills required of me to learn to use the software/system or interpret the information it generates.
21896	Level of work pressure and stress I face (e.g.  updating IT skills  information and work overload  and electronic monitoring).
21897	Gradually reducing the recognition of my non-IT experiences/skills/control at work.
21898	Amount of time required of me to learn to use the software/system at work: benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21899	Level of work pressure and stress I face (e.g.  updating IT skills  information and work overload  and electronic monitoring): benefits are much less than input-benefits are much more than input.
21900	I am very contented with the information system.
21901	I am very pleased with the information system.
21902	I feel delighted with the information system.
21903	Overall  I am very satisfied with the information system.
21904	The quality of information accuracy I originally expected was very low-very high.
21905	The quality of information accuracy I experienced was very low-very high.
21906	The quality of information availability I originally expected was very low-very high.
21907	The quality of information availability I experienced was very low-very high.
21908	The quality of information reliability I originally expected was very low-very high.
21909	The quality of information reliability I experienced was  very low-very high.
21910	The quality of information updatedness I originally expected was very low-very high.
21911	The quality of information updatedness I experienced was very low-very high.
21912	The quality of information relevance I originally expected was very low-very high.
21913	The quality of information relevance I experienced was very low-very high.
21914	The quality of information timeliness I originally expected was very low-very high.
21915	The quality of information timeliness I experienced was very low-very high.
21916	The quality of information completeness I originally expected was very low-very high.
21917	The quality of information completeness I experienced was very low-very high.
21918	The quality of information presentation I originally expected was very low-very high.
21919	The quality of information presentation I experienced was very low-very high.
21920	The quality of information accessibility I originally expected was very low-very high.
21921	The quality of information accessibility I experienced was very low-very high.
21922	The quality of system response time I originally expected was very low-very high.
21923	The quality of system response time I experienced was very low-very high.
21924	The quality of system reliability I originally expected was very low-very high.
21925	The quality of system reliability I experienced was very low-very high.
21926	The quality of system functionality I originally expected was very low-very high.
21927	The quality of system functionality I experienced was very low-very high.
21928	The quality of system flexibility I originally expected was very low-very high.
21929	The quality of system flexibility I experienced was very low-very high.
21930	The quality of system user friendliness I originally expected was very low-very high.
21931	The quality of system user friendliness I experienced was very low-very high.
21932	The quality of system ease of integration with other systems I originally expected was very low-very high.
21933	The quality of system ease of integration with other systems I experienced was very low-very high.
21934	The quality of the promptness of the support service I originally expected was very low-very high.
21935	The quality of the promptness of the support service I experienced was very low-very high.
21936	The quality of the reliability of the support service I originally expected was very low-very high.
21937	The quality of the reliability of the support service I experienced was very low-very high.
21938	The quality of the responsiveness of the support service I originally expected was very low-very high.
21939	The quality of the responsiveness of the support service I experienced was very low-very high.
21940	The technical competence of the of the support service people I originally expected was very low-very high.
21941	The technical competence of the support service people I experienced was very low-very high.
21942	The attitude of the support service people I originally expected was very low-very high.
21943	The attitude of the support service people I experienced was very low-very high.
21944	The ability of the support service people to keep accurate records that I originally expected was very low-very high.
21945	The ability of the support service people to keep accurate records I experienced was very low-very high.
21946	The provision of training courses I originally expected was very low-very high.
21947	The provision of training courses I experienced was very low-very high.
21953	All things considered  using the Internet TV is … extremely negative/extremely positive
21954	All things considered  using the Internet TV is … extremely bad/extremely good
21955	All things considered  using the Internet TV is … extremely harmful/extremely helpful
21956	Using the Internet TV improves my performance for communication and information search.
21957	Using the internet TV improves my productivity for communication and information search.
21958	Using the internet TV enhances my effectiveness for communication & information search.
21959	Using the Internet TV is useful for my communication and information search.
21960	Using this web site can improve my shopping performance.
21961	Using this web site can increase my shopping productivity.
21962	Using this web site can increase my shopping effectiveness.
21963	I find using this web site useful.
21964	Using the Internet TV is enjoyable.
21965	Using the Internet TV is pleasant.
21966	Using the Internet TV is fun.
21967	My family thinks that I should use the Internet TV.
21968	My relatives think that I should use the Internet TV.
21969	My friends think that I should use the Internet TV.
21970	People I work with think I should use the Internet TV.
21971	While using the web site I felt confused.
21972	While using the web site I felt in control.
21973	While using the web site I felt frustrated.
21974	I would find it more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the web site than by asking questions of an agent.
21975	I would find a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent.
21976	It would be more convenient for me to use the web to compare auto insurance prices than an agent.
21977	I would find it more convenient to use this web tool rather than an agent.
21978	I would find it more convenient to purchase the policy on the web than through an agent.
21979	I would find it more convenient to file a claim on the web than through an agent.
21980	The city government expects me to use the Internet TV.
21981	The city government thinks that I should use the Internet TV.
21982	While using the web site I found my visit interesting.
21983	While using the web site I found my visit enjoyable.
21984	While using the web site I found my visit fun.
21985	I would have greater confidence in the explanations provided on such web sites than those offered by an agent.
21986	I would trust the validity of quotes provided by the web more than those provided by an agent.
21987	I believe such a web tool would provide more objective recommendations than an agent.
21988	I would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than the recommendation of an agent with regard to the appropriate level of coverage for my needs.
21989	I would feel more confident purchasing the policy through the web than through an agent.
21990	I would be more confident filing a claim through the web than through an agent.
21991	I feel comfortable using the Internet TV on my own.
21992	I can easily operate the Internet TV on my own.
21993	I feel comfortable using the Internet TV even if there is no one around me to tell me how to use it.
21994	If you actually had the money  how likely is it that you would buy the product from this web site?
21995	I would learn more by reading from the web site than by talking to an agent.
21996	I would understand the explanations offered by insurance web sites better than those provided by an agent.
21997	If you needed to purchase a similar product in the future  how likely is it that you would return to this web site?
21998	My interaction with the Internet TV is clear and understandable.
21999	Interacting with the Internet TV does not require a lot of my mental effort.
22000	I find the Internet TV easy to use.
22001	I find it easy to get the Internet TV to do what I want it to.
22002	I would find it more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the web site than by asking questions of an agent.
22003	I would learn more by reading from the web site than by talking to an agent.
22004	I would have greater confidence in the explanations provided on such web sites than those offered by an agent.
22005	I would understand the explanations offered by insurance web sites better than those provided by an agent.
22006	I believe such a web tool would provide more objective recommendations than an agent.
22007	I would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than the recommendation of an agent with regard to the appropriate level of coverage for my needs.
22008	I would find a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent.
22009	I would trust the validity of quotes provided by the web more than those provided by an agent.
22010	I would find it more convenient to use this web tool rather than an agent.
22011	It would be more convenient for me to use the web to compare auto insurance prices than an agent.
22012	I would find it more convenient to purchase the policy on the web than through an agent.
22013	I would feel more confident purchasing the policy through the web than through an agent.
22014	I would be more confident filing a claim through the web than through an agent.
22015	I would find it more convenient to file a claim on the web than through an agent.
22016	It is difficult for me to use the Internet TV when other members in my household want to watch TV.
22017	Many people in my household want to use Internet TV  and I don’t always get to use it.
22018	People who influence me think that I should use the Internet TV.
22019	People who are important to me think that I should use the Internet TV.
22020	I have the resources  knowledge  and ability to use the Internet TV.
22021	I can use the Internet TV.
22022	Using the Internet TV is entirely within my control.
22023	To gather information about auto insurance policy coverage options.
22024	To gather information about auto insurance companies.
22025	To obtain auto insurance price quotes.
22026	To get a recommendation on the right coverage for me.
22027	I intend to continue using the Internet TV during the next three months.
22028	I intend to continue using the Internet TV for email  browsing  or searching during the next three months.
22029	I intend to continue using the Internet TV frequently during the next three months.
22030	To purchase auto insurance.
22031	To file an auto insurance claim.
22032	Learning to use this web site would be easy for me.
22033	My interaction with this web site is clear and understandable.
22034	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using this web site.
22035	I find this web site easy to use.
22036	What percept of the people you know in LaGrange has adopted the Internet TV?
22037	Indicate the extent to which your agent provides each of the following services  and how important each service is to you: educating you about auto insurance policies.
22038	Indicate the extent to which your agent provides each of the following services  and how important each service is to you: analyzing your needs to recommend the right coverage.
22039	Indicate the extent to which your agent provides each of the following services  and how important each service is to you: finding the best price for your auto insurance policy.
22040	Indicate the extent to which your agent provides each of the following services  and how important each service is to you: finding the right auto insurance company.
22041	Indicate the extent to which your agent provides each of the following services  and how important each service is to you: helping you with the auto insurance claims process.
22042	My current auto insurance agent acts in my best interests.
22043	My current auto insurance agent is honest in his/her dealings with me.
22044	My current auto insurance agent is very knowledgeable about auto insurance policies.
22045	Shopping on the web is generally safe and secure.
22046	I would not enter personal information on the web site because I would be concerned about the security of my personal and financial information.
22047	One of the advantages of shopping on the web is the absence of sales pressure.
22048	Shopping on the web saves time.
22049	Shopping on the web saves money.
22050	Shopping on the web is very convenient.
22051	Shopping on the web allows me to compare prices easily.
22052	Using the system is a (bad/good) idea.
22053	Using the system is a (foolish/wise) idea.
22054	I (dislike/like) the idea of using the system.
22055	Using the system is (unpleasant/pleasant).
22056	People who influence my behavior think that I should use the system.
22057	People who are important to me think that I should use the system.
22058	I have control over using the system.
22059	I have the resources necessary to use the system.
22060	I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
22061	Given the resources  opportunities and knowledge it takes to use the system  it would be easy for me to use the system.
22062	The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
22063	Assuming I had access to the system  I intend to use it.
22064	Given that I had access to the system  I predict that I would use it.
22087	I feel emotionally drained from my work.
22088	I feel used up at the end of the workday.
22089	I feel fatigued when I get up in the morning and have to face another day on the job.
22090	I feel burned out from my work.
22091	Generally speaking  I feel satisfied with this job.
22092	Overall  I feel satisfied with the kind of work I do in this job.
22093	In general  I feel satisfied with my job.
22094	I will be with this company five years from now.
22095	How likely is it that you will be working with this company this time next year?
22096	I will probably look for a job at a different company in the next year.
22097	How likely is it that you will take steps during the next year to secure a job at a different company?
22098	I know exactly what is expected of me.
22099	I have a defined role in my workgroup.
22100	Each assignment has a clear objective.
22101	I feel that the number of requests  problems  or complaints I deal with is more than expected.
22102	I feel that the amount of work I do interferes with how well it is done.
22103	I feel busy or rushed.
22104	I feel pressured.
22105	I do things that are apt to be accepted by one person and not accepted by others.
22106	I sometimes have to buck a rule or policy in order to carry out an assignment.
22107	I frequently receive incompatible requests from two or more parties.
22108	I often perform work for two or more parties who operate quite differently.
22109	In my work  I have to try to balance two or more conflicting preferences.
22110	In my work  I usually do not have to refer matters to my direct supervisor for a final decision.
22111	Usually  my direct supervisor does not have to approve my decisions before I can take action.
22112	Rather than asking my direct supervisor  I usually make my own decisions about what to do on a job.
22113	I can usually do what I want on this job without consulting my direct supervisor.
22114	I think my level of pay is fair.
22115	Overall  the rewards I receive here are quite fair.
22116	To be effective in my job  I must not demonstrate how agitated I may feel with customers.
22117	To do my job well  I must pretend not to be irritated at customers even when I may feel that way.
22118	To do my job effectively  I must hide any anger I may feel with customers.
22119	To carry out my job  I must try to pretend I am not annoyed with customers when I really am.
22120	In interacting with customers  I must suppress irritation I may feel.
22121	To be effective in my job  I must try to be sympathetic with customers even when I am not.
22122	In doing my job  I must portray myself as interested in the customers’ frustrations even when I don’t really care.
22123	To do my job effectively  I must act as if I empathize with the customer despite my actual lack of concern.
22124	I must act like I care about customers’ concerns even when I find it hard to be interested.
22125	To be successful in my job  I must pretend to care about customers’ problems even when I am indifferent.
22126	Right now  to what extent do you feel afraid?
22127	Right now  to what extent do you feel distressed?
22128	Right now  to what extent do you feel nervous?
22129	Right now  to what extent do you feel upset?
22130	Right now  to what extent do you feel ashamed?
22131	Right now  to what extent do you feel irritable?
22132	Right now  to what extent do you feel hostile?
22136	I intend to use the system in the next <n> months.
22137	I predict I would use the system in the next <n> months.
22138	I plan to use the system in the next <n> months.
22139	I have the resources necessary to use the system.
22140	I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
22141	The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
22152	Using (system) as a (technology type) enables me to (accomplish tasks) more quickly.
22153	Using (system) improves my (ability to accomplish task).
22154	Using (system) as a (technology type) increases my productivity.
22155	Using (system) enhances my effectiveness in (accomplishing task).
22156	Using (system) makes it easier to do my (task).
22157	I find (system) useful in my (task completion).
22158	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: efficient-inefficient
22159	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: performance enhancing-performance degrading
22160	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: productivity increasing-productivity decreasing
22161	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: effective-ineffective
22162	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: helpful-unhelpful
22163	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: quite useful-quite useless
22164	Learning to operate the (task-related) platform portions of (system) is easy for me.
22165	I find it easy to get the (task-related) portions of (system) to do what I want it to do.
22166	My interaction with the (task-related)portions of (system) has been clear and understandable.
22167	I find the (task-related) portions of (system) to be flexible to interact with.
22168	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the (task-related) portions of (system)
22169	I find the (task-related) portions of (system) easy to use.
22170	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: easy to learn-difficult to learn
22171	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: easy to manipulate-difficult to manipulate
22172	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: clear to interact with-obscure to interact with
22173	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: flexible to interact with - rigid to interact with
22174	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: easy to master - difficult to master
22175	To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks)  overall  I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: very usable - very cumbersome
22176	If the choice of a (technology type) platform were up to me  it would likely be (system).
22177	If I need to (accomplish task) and the choice was up to me  I would expect to use (system) as a (task-related) platform.
22178	If asked  I would likely recommend (system) as a (task related) platform.
22179	For future (task-oriented) tasks that are totally within my control  I would probably use (system) as a (task-oriented) platform.
22180	I am concerned that the information I submit to online companies could be misused.
22181	I am concerned that a person can find private information about me on the Internet.
22182	I am concerned about providing personal information to online companies  because of what others might do with it.
22183	I am concerned about providing personal information to online companies  because it could be used in a way I did not foresee.
22184	Online companies that have my personal information provide better value than those without holding my personal information.
22185	The level of service from online companies that use my personal information is superior to the service from companies that do not use my personal information.
22186	What I give up in terms of releasing my personal information to online companies is commensurate with what I receive in return from the companies.
22187	Given the potential problem of releasing my personal information to online companies  the benefits I receive from the companies are fair.
22188	Online companies make a reasonable effort to clearly reveal how personal information is collected and used.
22189	Online companies make a reasonable effort to get consent before they collect sensitive personal information from online consumers.
22190	Online companies make a reasonable effort to allow their customers to correct inaccurate personal information stored in their databases.
22191	Online companies make a reasonable effort to prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases.
22192	Online companies tell the truth related to the collection and use of the personal information of their customers.
22193	Online companies are honest with customers when it comes to collecting and using the personal information of their customers.
22194	Online companies fulfill their promises about collecting and using personal information of their customers.
22195	Online companies are in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of the personal information of their customers.
22196	Online companies are trustworthy in handling the personal information of their customers.
22197	By making complaints about unsatisfactory services  in the long run the quality of services will improve.
22198	By complaining about bad services  I may prevent other consumers from experiencing the same problem.
22199	People have a responsibility to tell companies when a service they receive is unsatisfactory.
22200	I expect to use the system in the next <n> months.
22201	I will use the system in the next <n> months.
22202	I am likely to use the system in the next <n> months.
22203	I am going to use the system in the next <n> months.
22206	How do you consider the extent of your current system use?
22272	Identify the level at which the enterprise resource planning system is used in operations.
22273	Identify the level at which the enterprise resource planning  system is used in management.
22274	Identify the level at which the enterprise resource planning system is used in decision making.
22275	The senior management of our firm believes that  enterprise resource planning has the potential to provide significant business benefits to the firm.
22276	The senior management of our firm believes that  enterprise resource planning will create a significant competitive arena for firms.
22277	The senior management of our firm believes that it is not necessary to use  enterprise resource planning to conduct business activities.
22278	The senior management of our firm actively articulates a vision for the organizational use of  enterprise resource planning .
22279	The senior management of our firm actively formulated a strategy for the organizational use of  enterprise resource planning .
22280	The senior management of our firm actively established goals and standards to monitor the  enterprise resource planning  project.
22281	Our main competitors who have adopted  enterprise resource planning have greatly benefitted.
22282	Our main competitors who have adopted  enterprise resource planning  are favorably perceived by others in the same industry.
22283	Our main competitors who have adopted  enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived by their suppliers and customers.
22284	The local government requires our firm to use  enterprise resource planning .
22285	The industry association requires our firm to use  enterprise resource planning .
22286	The competitive conditions require our firm to use  enterprise resource planning .
22287	Please indicate the extent of enterprise resource planning adoption by your firm’s suppliers.
22288	Please indicate the extent of enterprise resource planning adoption by your firm’s customers.
22289	Please indicate the extent to which the Government’s promotion of Information Technology influences your firm to use  enterprise resource planning.
22290	Prior to the  enterprise resource planning implementation  our employees in general had extensive experience in using computer based applications in their work  processes.
22291	It is well known who can help solve problem associated with the  enterprise resource planning  package.
22292	Our company can provide adequate technical support to using  enterprise resource planning .
22293	Our company provides  enterprise resource planning  training opportunities to employees on a regular basis.
22294	Using enterprise resource planning in our company  created a disruption in the workplace at first.
22295	Using enterprise resource planning in our company decreased productivity at first due to time to learn.
22296	Using enterprise resource planning in our company required an overall change in the values  norms and culture within the company.
22297	I feel that the number of requests  problems  or complaints I deal with is more than expected.
22298	I feel that the amount of work I do interferes with how well it is done.
22299	I feel busy or rushed.
22300	I feel pressured.
22301	I control the content of my job.
22302	I have a lot of freedom to decide how I perform assigned tasks.
22303	I set my own schedule for completing assigned tasks .
22304	I have the authority to initiate projects at my job.
22305	The demands of my work interfere with my home and family life.
22306	The amount of time my job takes up makes it difficult to fulfill family responsibilities.
22307	Things I want to do at home do not get done because of the demands my job puts on me.
22308	My job produces strain that makes it difficult to fulfill family duties.
22310	Due to work-related duties  I have to make changes to my plans for family activities.
22311	My organization has processes that assure that all team members will be treated fairly and equitably.
22312	I work in an environment in which good procedures make things fair and impartial.
22313	In my workplace  sound practices exist that help ensure fair and unbiased treatment of all team members.
22314	Fairness to employees is built into how issues are handled in my work environment.
22315	I feel emotionally drained from my work.
22316	I feel used up at the end of the work day.
22317	I feel fatigued when I get up in the morning and have to face another day on the job.
22318	I feel burned out from my work.
22319	I am willing to put in effort beyond the norm for the success of the organization.
22320	For me  this is the best of all possible organizations for which to work.
22321	I am extremely glad to have chosen this organization to work for over other organizations.
22322	I show by my actions that I really care about the fate of this organization.
22323	How likely is it that you will be working at the same company this time next year?
22324	How likely is it that you will take steps during the next year to secure a job at a different company?
22325	I will be with this company five years from now.
22326	I will probably look for a job at a different company in the next year.
22327	The IS department I work in is a very personal place. It is like an extended family and people seem to share a lot of themselves.
22328	The glue that holds the IS department I work in together is loyalty and tradition. Commitment to the IS department I work in runs high.
22329	The IS department I work in emphasizes human resources. High morale is important.
22330	The IS department I work in is a very dynamic and entrepreneurial place. People are willing to stick their necks out and take risks.
22331	The glue that holds the IS department I work in together is commitment to innovation and development. There is an emphasis on being first with products and services.
22332	The IS department I work in emphasizes growth through acquiring new resources. Acquiring new products/services to meet new challenges is important.
22333	The glue that holds the IS department I work in together is formal rules and policies. Following rules and maintaining a smooth-running institution are important.
22334	The IS department I work in emphasizes permanence and stability. Efficient  smooth operations are important.
22335	The IS department I work in  emphasizes competitive actions  outcomes and achievement. Accomplishing measurable goals is important.
22336	The glue that holds the IS department I work in together is an emphasis on tasks and goal accomplishment. A production and achievement orientation is commonly shared.
22337	To what extent is your IS department using STRADIS (Structured Analysis  Design and Implementation of Information Systems) at present?
22338	To what extent is your IS department using YSM (Yourdon Systems Method) at present?
22339	To what extent is your IS department using IE (Information Engineering) at present?
22340	To what extent is your IS department using SSADM (Structured Systems Analysis and Design Method) at present?
22341	To what extent is your IS department using MOSES at present?
22342	To what extent is your IS department using UML (Unified Modeling Language) at present?
22343	To what extent is your IS department using Objectory at present?
22344	To what extent is your IS department using Booch at present?
22345	What is the proportion of projects that are developed in your IS department by applying systems development methodology knowledge?
22346	What is the proportion of people in your IS department who apply systems development methodology knowledge?
22347	Our systems development methodology helps to align the system to be developed with the business.
22348	Our systems development methodology helps to capture requirements for the system to be developed.
22349	Our systems development methodology helps to involve end-users in systems development projects.
22350	Our systems development methodology helps to build management commitment in our systems development projects.
22351	Our systems development methodology helps to get the systems accepted.
22352	Our systems development methodology helps to design the architecture of the system to be developed.
22353	Our systems development methodology helps in system design.
22354	Our systems development methodology helps in implementing developed systems.
22355	Our systems development methodology helps to reuse earlier requirements  designs and code during systems development.
22356	Our systems development methodology helps in reviewing developed systems.
22357	Our systems development methodology helps in testing developed systems.
22358	Our systems development methodology helps to decompose the system to be developed into workable parts.
22359	Our systems development methodology helps to estimate the size of the system to be developed.
22360	Our systems development methodology helps to estimate the time and effort required for the development of a planned system.
22361	Our systems development methodology helps to plan systems development projects.
22362	Our systems development methodology helps in defining useful milestones for our systems development projects.
22363	Our systems development methodology helps to organize systems development projects.
22364	Our systems development methodology helps to keep our systems development projects under control.
22365	Our systems development methodology helps to estimate the project risks.
22366	Overall  our systems development methodology helps us to manage our systems development projects.
22367	Our systems development methodology defines our desired systems development practice.
22368	Our systems development methodology describes a sound way of developing systems.
22369	Our systems development methodology forms a useful standard for our systems development.
22370	Our systems development methodology reminds me about the activities/tasks of systems development.
22371	Our systems development methodology provides a useful list of possible systems development activities.
22372	Our systems development methodology provides useful guidelines for conducting systems development.
22373	Our systems development methodology provides a useful tool-box of techniques to be applied.
22374	Our systems development methodology defines an ideal process of systems development that is useful  even though it is not followed in practice.
22375	Our systems development methodology allows us to learn from our systems development experience.
22376	Without a systems development methodology one cannot estimate how systems development should be conducted.
22377	Without a systems development methodology it is impossible to evaluate our systems development practice.
22378	Our systems development methodology helps to develop more functional systems.
22379	Our systems development methodology helps to develop more reliable systems.
22380	Our systems development methodology helps to develop more maintainable systems.
22381	Our systems development methodology helps to develop more efficient systems.
22382	Our systems development methodology helps to develop more usable systems.
22383	Overall  our systems development methodology helps to develop better systems.
22384	Overall  our systems development methodology helps to make users more satisfied with our systems.
22385	Our systems development methodology helps to develop new applications faster.
22386	Our systems development methodology helps to improve the functionality of new applications.
22387	Our systems development methodology helps to increase the productivity of the application developers.
22388	Our systems development methodology helps to decrease the cost of systems development.
22389	Our systems development methodology improves the morale in our IS department.
22390	Our systems development methodology helps to improve the quality of the systems.
22391	Our systems development methodology helps to decrease the cost of systems maintenance.
22392	Our systems development methodology helps to achieve the goals of our IS department.
22393	Our systems development methodology helps to improve our IS department’s reputation for excellent work.
22394	We change our suppliers frequently to get the best prices.
22395	We strive to develop long-term relations with our major suppliers.
22396	Product has a high manufacturing quality requirement.
22397	Product performance critically affects performance of other parts or components.
22398	Product has a significant risk of warranty liabilities.
22399	Product requires continuous technological innovation.
22400	Supplier that keeps abreast with latest technological developments.
22401	Supplier that develops new technology products critical to your success.
22402	Product requires significant sharing of your proprietary information with the supplier.
22403	Supplier that shares their proprietary information with you.
22404	Supplier that allows your participation in their planning and goal-setting activities.
22405	Supplier that shares detailed information on their cost structure.
22406	Supplier that proactively anticipates your emerging needs.
22407	Supplier that is responsive to your requests.
22408	Supplier that keeps you updated on your requests.
22409	Supplier that is absolutely trustworthy.
22410	Supplier that honors their promises.
22411	Supplier that establishes a very high level of mutual confidence with your firm.
22412	Please indicate the importance of each product or supplier characteristic: Supplier that will be flexible in response to requests that may be beyond the terms of your contract.
22413	Please indicate the importance of each product or supplier characteristic: Supplier will modify the agreement rather than stick to original terms if an unexpected situation arises.
22414	Please indicate the importance of each product or supplier characteristic: Supplier will make continuous adjustments to cope with changing circumstances.
22415	We are comfortable with web-based information technologies.
22416	We have invested a substantial amount of time and money in EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) technologies.
22417	We already use the Internet for procurement purposes.
22418	We share procurement related information electronically between units within our firm.
22419	Our firm has automated the ordering process for production goods (raw materials).
22420	We can easily exchange and integrate data electronically from our major suppliers.
22421	Our major suppliers have computer systems in place to quickly respond to our product enquiries.
22422	Our major suppliers can electronically process business documents (e.g.  invoices  designs  POs).
22423	We continuously attempt to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors on features other than price.
22424	We aggressively attempt to reduce our costs of providing products and services to our customers.
22425	Product needs significant customization to meet your requirements.
22426	Supplier will invest in manufacturing equipment specifically for your requirements.
22427	Please indicate the importance of each product or supplier characteristic: Supplier has technical labor skills that are unique to your requirement.
22428	Please indicate the importance of each product or supplier characteristic: Supplier understands your business processes in order to satisfy all your needs.
22429	Please indicate the importance of each product or supplier characteristic: Supplier will be able to satisfy your JIT (Just in time) inventory requirements.
22441	I feel that people are generally trustworthy.
22442	I feel that people are generally reliable.
22443	I’m concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
22444	Companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
22445	Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
22446	Companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
22447	Companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
22448	When companies ask me for my personal information  I sometimes think twice before providing it.
22449	Computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from  unauthorized access—no matter how much it costs
22450	Companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
22455	I am familiar with foreign privacy seals such as TRUSTe  WebTrust and BBB Online.
22456	I am familiar with local privacy seals such as TrustSg and CaseTrust.
22457	Sometimes  I give false information.
22458	I trust Company X in handling my information.
22654	All things considered  using the system is a foolish more – wise move.
22655	All things considered  using the system is a negative step – positive step.
22656	All things considered  using the system is a ineffective idea – effective idea.
22657	People who are important to me think that I should use the system.
22658	People who influence me think that I should use the system.
22659	I have the human and technological resources necessary to use the system.
22660	I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
22661	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with system difficulties.
22662	I intend to continue using this system to solve various problems.
22663	I intend to continue using this system to justify my decisions.
22664	I intend to continue using this system to exchange with other people.
22665	I intend to continue using this system to plan or follow-up on my tasks.
22666	I intend to continue using this system to coordinate with others.
22667	I intend to continue using this system to serve customers.
23178	This website is helpful for me to evaluate the product.
23179	This website is helpful in familiarizing me with the product.
23180	This website is helpful for me to understand the  performance of the product.
23181	The website improves my online shopping performance.
23182	The website improves my online decision-making in online shopping.
23183	The website increases my online shopping effectiveness.
23184	I find this website useful.
23185	Next time I need to shop for a PDA  I would like to use this website.
23186	Next time I need to shop for a PDA as a gift for a friend  I would like to use a website with characteristics similar to those of this website.
23187	I would use websites with similar characteristics to those of this website in the future.
23241	Computers intimidate and threaten me.
23242	Even though computers are valuable I fear them.
23243	If I can’t do a job the first time  I keep trying until I can.
23244	The team has a good “map” of each others' talents and skills.
23245	Team members know what task-related skills and knowledge they each possess.
23246	Team members know who on the team has specialized skills and knowledge that is relevant to their work.
23247	Our team members had a global perspective that includes each other's decisions and the relationship among them.
23248	Our team members carefully interrelated actions to each other in this project.
23249	Our team members carefully made their decisions to maximize an overall team performance.
23250	Our team members had developed a clear understanding of how each business function should be coordinated.
23251	Most of my teammates approach their job with professionalism and dedication.
23252	I see no reason to doubt my teammates' competence and preparation for the job.
23253	I can rely on other teammates not to make my job more difficult by careless work.
23254	Most of my teammates can be relied upon to do as they say they will do.
23255	I would be willing to buy products on the Internet.
23256	I buy products on the Internet.
23257	I would be willing to sell products on the Internet.
23258	I have sold items on the Internet.
23259	Dr. X is primarily concerned with getting the job done.
23260	Dr. X has a real interest in the welfare and overall satisfaction of those who work under him.
23261	Dr. X encourages people to work as a team.
23262	Dr. X is willing to listen to work-related problems.
23263	Dr. X is capable of balancing between administrative duties and research.
23264	Dr. X has low tolerance of conflict.
23265	Dr. X is friendly and easy to approach.
23266	Dr. X encourages a cooperative working environment.
23267	Dr. X has no understanding of why people working under him do what they do.
23268	Dr. X asks people affected by his decisions for their ideas and opinions.
23269	Dr. X is aware of others' feelings.
23270	The decision I reached for the appraisal task was a good one.
23271	I am not sure the decision reached for the appraisal task was appropriate.
23272	I am not confident about my decision reached for the appraisal task.
23274	How do you feel about your overall experience of WWW use? Dissatisfied - satisfied
23275	My experience with using the WWW was better than what I expected.
23276	The benefit provided by the WWW was better than what I expected.
23277	Overall  most of my expectations from using the WWW were confirmed.
23278	I intend to continue using the WWW rather than use any alternative technology.
23279	My intentions are to continue using the WWW rather than use any alternative technology.
23280	If I could  I would like to continue my use of the WWW.
23281	The WWW is of benefit to me.
23282	The advantages of the WWW outweigh the disadvantages.
23283	Overall  using the WWW is advantageous.
23284	Using the WWW has become automatic to me.
23285	Using the WWW is natural to me.
23286	When faced with a particular task  using the WWW is an obvious choice for me.
23308	Strategic rationale for investing in IT is: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23309	Processes used for formulating IT strategy are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23310	Processes used for aligning IT strategy with business strategy are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units. all of the business units)
23311	Processes used for managing relationships between the IT department and the business units are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23312	Strategic goals for entering into IT outsourcing relationships are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23313	Processes used for negotiating and making deals with IT vendors and service providers are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23314	Processes used for managing relationships with IT vendors are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23315	Processes used for managing relationships with IT outsourcing relationships are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23316	Processes used for identifying and recruiting IT talent are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23317	Training programs and opportunities provided to IT talent are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23318	Incentives used for aligning interests of IT talent with business goals are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23319	Strategies used for retaining IT talent are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23320	Policies used for managing IT infrastructure are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23321	IT software standards are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23322	IT hardware standards are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23323	IT communications standards are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
23333	Importance of whether a site is going to use the information they collect from me in a way that will identify me.
23334	Importance of know how long a company will retain information they collect from me in their database.
23335	Importance of knowing what information a company keeps about me in their databases.
23336	Importance of why  for what purpose  the company is collecting info from me.
23337	Importance of whether or not the site posts a privacy policy.
23338	How concerned are you about threats to your personal privacy in America today?
23339	How concerned are you about threats to your personal privacy when using the Internet?
23340	Some Web sites assign visitors special user identification numbers. Web browsers can send these numbers back to the site automatically on a return visit. This allows Web sites to recognize return visitors and provide personalized service based on previous activities. If a site that you frequented asked you whether it could assign you an identification number so that it could provide you with personalized service  would you agree?
23341	Some Web sites use special identification numbers not only to personalize site content  but also to personalize advertising that appears on the site and make sure that visitors are not repeatedly shown the same advertisements. If a site that you frequented asked you whether it could assign you an identification number so that it could provide you with personalized advertising  would you agree?
23347	I would consider buying pirated software in this case an infringement of intellectual property rights.
23348	I would consider buying pirated software in this case an acceptable behavior.
23349	I would buy pirated software if it were freely available.
23350	I would buy pirated software if the cost of legal software were too high.
23351	I would buy pirated software if there is no punishment for doing so.
23358	Using the system improves my performance in my job.
23359	Using the system in my job increases my productivity.
23360	Using the system enhances my effectiveness in my job.
23361	I find the system to be useful in my job.
23362	My interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
23363	Interacting with the system does not require a lot of my mental effort.
23364	I find the system to be easy to use.
23365	I find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
23366	Assuming I had access to the system  I intend to use it.
23367	Given that I had access to the system  I predict that I would use it.
23368	I could complete the job using a software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
23369	I could complete the job using a software package if I had never used a package like it before.
23370	I could complete the job using a software package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
23371	I could complete the job using a software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
23372	I could complete the job using a software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
23373	I could complete the job using a software package if someone else had helped me get started.
23374	I could complete the job using a software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
23375	I could complete the job using a software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
23376	I could complete the job using a software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
23377	I could complete the job using a software package if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
23378	I have control over using the system.
23379	I have the resources necessary to use the system.
23380	I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
23381	Given the resources  opportunities and knowledge it takes to use the system  it would be easy for me to use the system.
23382	The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
23383	Computers do not scare me at all.
23384	Working with a computer makes me nervous.
23385	I do not feel threatened when others talk about computers.
23386	It wouldn’t bother me to take computer courses.
23387	Computers make me feel uncomfortable.
23388	I feel at ease in a computer class.
23389	I get a sinking feeling when I think of trying to use a computer.
23390	I feel comfortable working with a computer.
23391	Computers make me feel uneasy.
23392	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: spontaneous.
23393	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: unimaginative.
23394	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: flexible.
23395	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: creative.
23396	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: playful.
23397	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: unoriginal.
23398	The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: uninventive.
23399	I find using the system to be enjoyable.
23400	The actual process of using the system is pleasant.
23401	I have fun using the system.
23406	I intend to get information about this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23407	I plan to get information about this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23408	For me  getting information about this product from this website within the next 30 days would be: a very bad idea- a very good idea.
23409	Most people who are important to me think it is a good idea to get information about this product from this website.
23410	Most people who are important to me would get information about this product from this website.
23411	Please rate the difficulty of you getting information about this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23412	If I wanted to  I would be able to get information about this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23413	If I wanted to  I am confident I could get information about this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23414	All necessary resources for getting information about this product from this website will be accessible to me within the next 30 days.
23415	Getting information about this product from this website within the next 30 days is completely under my control.
23416	This Web vendor would be competent in providing objective information about this product.
23417	For me  getting objective product information from a website is: not at all important- extermely important.
23418	This Web vendor would be honest in providing accurate information about this product.
23419	For me  getting accurate product information from a website is: not at all important- exteremely important.
23420	This website would be useful for getting valuable information about this product.
23421	For me  getting valuable information about a product from a website is: not at all important- extremely important.
23422	This website would enhance my effectiveness in getting useful information about this product.
23423	For me  getting useful information about a product from a website is: not at all important- extremely important.
23424	Getting information about this product from this website would be easy.
23425	For me  getting product information easily from a website is: not at all important- extremely important.
23426	Learning how to get information about this product from this website would be easy.
23427	For me  learning how to get product information easily from a website is: not at all important- extremely important.
23428	I expect to have the time needed to get information from this website within the next 30 days.
23429	Having the time needed would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
23430	There would always be time for me to get information from this website within the next 30 days.
23431	Finding time would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
23432	I expect the speed by which this website would provide information to be fast enough.
23433	The speed by which a website provides information would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
23434	I expect the rate at which the information would be displayed on this website to be fast enough.
23435	A fast rate at which websites display information would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
23436	I expect the sequencing of hyperlinks in this website to be clear.
23437	Having a clear sequence of hyperlinks would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to get information about this product.
23438	I expect the layout of this website to be intuitive.
23439	A website with an intuitive layout would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to get information about this product.
23440	If I wanted to  I could become skillful at comparing and evaluating products on this website.
23441	Becoming skillful would make it: much more difficult-easier for me to get information about this product.
23442	If I wanted to  I could easily become knowledgeable about getting all relevant information about products from this website.
23443	Becoming knowledgeable about getting information would make it: much more difficult-easier for me to get all relevant information about this product from this Web vendor.
23444	Getting product information from this vendor’s website has become a habit for me.
23445	Getting product information from this website has become natural for me.
23446	I intend to purchase this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23447	I plan to purchase this product from this website within the next 30 days.
23448	For me  purchasing this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days would be: a very bad idea- a very good idea.
23449	Most people who are important to me think that it is fine to purchase a product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
23450	Most people who are important to me would purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23451	Please rate the difficulty of you purchasing this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
23452	If I wanted to  I would be able to purchase this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
23453	If I wanted to  I am confident I could purchase this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
23454	All necessary resources for purchasing this product from this Web vendor will be accessible to me within the next 30 days.
23455	Purchasing this product from this Web vendor will be completely under my control within the next 30 days.
23456	This Web vendor would be competent in delivering this product in a timely fashion.
23457	For me  product delivery in a timely fashion is important.
23458	This Web vendor would be honest in its dealings when I purchase this product from it.
23459	For me  a Web vendor that is honest in its dealings with its customers is: not at all important- extremely important.
23460	This Web vendor would not seek to take advantage of me if I purchase this product from it.
23461	For me  a Web vendor that does not seek to take advantage of its customers is: not at all important- extremely important.
23462	This website would be useful in purchasing this product.
23463	For me  a website that is useful in purchasing products is: not at all important- extremely important.
23464	This website would enhance my effectiveness in purchasing this product.
23465	For me  a website that enhances my effectiveness in purchasing products is: not at all important- extremely important.
23466	Purchasing this product from this website would be easy.
23467	For me  purchasing products easily from a Web vendor is: not at all important- extremely important.
23468	Learning how to purchase this product from this Web vendor would be easy.
23469	For me  learning how to purchase products easily from a Web vendor is: not at all important- extremely important.
23470	Purchasing this product from this Web vendor would save me money within the next 30 days.
23471	For me  saving money within the next 30 days is: not at all important- extremely important.
23472	I would purchase this product from this Web vendor at a bargain price within the next 30 days.
23473	For me  getting products at bargain prices within the next 30 days is: not at all important- extremely important.
23474	I expect to have the money needed to purchase this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
23475	Having the money needed to purchase products would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23476	It would be within my budget to purchase this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
23477	Being within my budget would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23478	I expect this website to help me get a real feel for this product.
23479	Being able to get a real feel for a product would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23480	I expect this website to help me carefully evaluate this product.
23481	Being able to carefully evaluate a product would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23482	I expect my personal information to be adequately protected when I purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23483	An adequate protection of my personal information would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this  product from this vendor.
23484	I feel secure that my personal information is kept private when I purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23485	Feeling secure that personal information is kept private would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23486	If I wanted to  I could become skillful at making good product purchasing decisions on the Web.
23487	Becoming knowledgeable about Web purchasing would make it: much more difficult- easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23488	Becoming skillful at making good purchasing decisions on the Web would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
23489	Getting product information from this vendor’s website has become a habit for me.
23490	Getting product information from this website has become natural for me.
23491	This Web vendor has a good reputation in the marketplace.
23492	I believe I have the ability to save a file.
23493	I believe I have the ability to manipulate the way a number appears in a spreadsheet.
23494	I believe I have the ability to use and understand the cell  references in a spreadsheet.
23495	I believe I have the ability to enter numbers into a spreadsheet.
23496	I believe I have the ability to use a spreadsheet to communicate numeric information to others.
23497	I believe I have the ability to write a simple formula in a spreadsheet to perform mathematical calculations.
23498	I believe I have the ability to summarize numeric information using a spreadsheet.
23499	I believe I have the ability to use a spreadsheet to share numeric information with others.
23500	I believe I have the ability to use a spreadsheet to assist me in making decisions.
23501	I am spontaneous when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23502	I am unimaginative when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23503	I am playful when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23504	I am flexible when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23505	I am uninventive when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23506	I am creative when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23507	I am unoriginal when I interact with the World-Wide Web
23508	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it
23509	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies
23510	In general  I am hesitant to try out new information technologies
23511	I like to experiment with new information technologies
23512	I think it would be (Very good/Very bad) to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23513	In my opinion it would be (Very desirable/Very undesirable) to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23514	It would be (Much better/Much worse) for me to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23515	I would use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator to do the assignment.
23516	My intention would be to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator to do the assignment.
23517	To do the assignment. I would use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator.
23518	Instructors in other courses would (Strongly support/Strongly oppose) my using [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23519	Those people who are important to me would (Strongly support/Strongly oppose) my using [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23520	I think that those people who are important to me would want me to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23521	People whose opinions I value would prefer me to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23522	I would have (Much more/Much less) control over using [the spreadsheet] for the assignment than over using my calculator.
23523	Given the resources  opportunities and knowledge it takes to use each tool ([the spreadsheet] and my calculator)  it would be easier for me to choose [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
23524	I would be (Much more/Much less) able to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment because of differences in the resources  opportunities and knowledge it takes to use each one.
23525	It would take me (Much more/Much less) time to do the assignment with [the spreadsheet] than to do the assignment with my calculator.
23526	How important is it lo you that you get the assignment done quickly?
23527	Think about instructors in classes other than this one. They might have an opinion about which tool you should use for the assignment (either [the spreadsheet] or your calculator). How important would their opinion be to you when you were choosing a tool for the assignment?
23528	1 would know how to use [the spreadsheet] FOR THE ASSIGNMENT (Much better/Much worse) than I would know how to use my calculator.
23529	How important would it be that you knew enough about how to use the tool you choose (either [the  spreadsheet] or your calculator) so that you could complete the assignment?
23530	Using a PWS is compatible with all aspects of my work.
23531	Using a PWS is completely compatible with my current situation.
23532	I think that using a PWS fits well with the way I like to work.
23533	Using a PWS fits into my work style.
23534	I've had a great deal of opportunity to try various PWS applications.
23535	I know where 1 can go to satisfactorily try out various uses of a PWS.
23536	A PWS was available to me to adequately test run various applications.
23537	Before deciding whether to use any PWS applications  I was able to properly try them out.
23538	I was permitted to use a PWS on a trial basis long enough to see what it could do.
23539	I am able to experiment with the PWS as necessary.
23540	I can have PWS applications for long enough periods to try them out.
23545	I believe that a PWS is cumbersome to use.
23546	It is easy for me to remember how to perform tasks using a PWS.
23547	My using a PWS requires a lot of mental effort.
23548	Using a PWS is often frustrating.
23549	My interaction with a PWS is clear and understandable.
23550	I believe that it is easy to get a PWS to do what I want it to do.
23551	Overall  I believe that a PWS is easy to use.
23552	Learning to operate a PWS is easy for me.
23553	Using a PWS enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
23554	Using a PWS improves the quality of work I do.
23555	Using a PWS makes it easier to do my job.
23556	The disadvantages of my using a PWS far outweigh the advantages.
23557	Using a PWS improves my job performance.
23558	Overall  I find using a PWS to be advantageous in my job.
23559	Using a PWS enhances my effectiveness on the job.
23560	Using a PWS gives me greater control over my work.
23561	Using a PWS increases my productivity.
23562	I would have no difficulty telling others about the results of using a PWS.
23563	I believe I could communicate to others the consequences of using a PWS.
23564	The results of using a PWS are apparent to me.
23565	I would have difficulty explaining why using a PWS may or may not be beneficial.
23566	Using a PWS improves my image within the organization.
23567	Because of my use of a PWS  others in my organization see me as a more valuable employee.
23568	People in my organization who use a PWS have more prestige than those who do not.
23569	People in my organization who use a PWS have a high profile.
23570	Having a PWS is a status symbol in my organization.
23571	I have seen what others do using their PWS.
23572	In my organization  one sees PWS on many desks.
23573	I have seen a PWS in use outside my firm.
23574	PWS are not very  visible in my organization.
23575	It is easy for me to observe others using PWS in my firm.
23576	I have had plenty of opportunity to see the PWS being used.
23577	I have not seen many others using a PWS in my department.
23578	My superiors expect me to use a PWS.
23579	My use of a PWS is voluntary (as opposed to required by my superiors or job description).
23580	My boss does not require me to use a PWS.
23581	Although it might be helpful  using a PWS is certainly not compulsory in my job.
23582	I feel I have more to do than I can comfortably handle.
23583	I feel physically drained when I get home from work.
23584	I feel emotionally drained when I get home from work.
23585	I feel I have to rush to get everything done each day.
23586	Work makes me too tired or irritable to participate in or enjoy family life.
23587	I feel I don't have enough time for myself.
23588	I wish I had more time to do things for the family.
23589	My job keeps me away from my family too much.
23590	My preoccupation with my job affects my family life.
23591	I worry about my children when I am working.
23592	Family life interferes with work.
23597	I felt lost.
23598	I felt like I was going around in circles.
23599	It was difficult to find a page that I had previously viewed.
23600	Navigating between pages was a problem.
23601	I didn't know how to get to my desired location.
23602	I felt disoriented.
23603	After browsing for a while I had no idea where to go next.
23604	The Web site kept me totally absorbed in the browsing.
23605	The Web site held my attention.
23606	The Web site excited my curiosity.
23607	The Web site aroused my imagination.
23608	The Web site was fun.
23609	The Web site was intrinsically interesting.
23610	The Web site was engaging.
23611	Using this web site would be a good idea.
23612	I would intend to use this web site.
23613	Using this web site would be a foolish idea.
23614	I would like the idea of using this web site.
23615	Using this web site would be unpleasant.
23616	I would intend to use this web site very frequently.
23617	We face opposition from elected officials.
23618	We face opposition from employees.
23619	We face opposition from department heads.
23620	Under conditions of uncertainty  our department investigates other governments' IS decisions.
23621	Under conditions of uncertainty  we attend conferences or professional meetings on IS management.
23622	The information provided during the DMS training session was informative.
23623	The information provided during the DMS training session was helpful.
23624	The information provided during the DMS training session was valuable.
23625	The information provided during the DMS training session was persuasive.
23626	Using DMS in my job is a: bad- good idea.
23627	Using DMS in my job is a: foolish- wise idea.
23628	Using DMS in my job will be: unpleasant- pleasant.
23629	Overall  I: dislike- like the idea of using DMS in my job.
23630	Using DMS is important for my job.
23631	Using DMS is relevant (appropriate) for my job.
23632	How knowledgeable are you on using the following technologies: electronic mail?
23633	How knowledgeable are you on using the following technologies: computers?
23634	How knowledgeable are you on using the following technologies: word processing?
23635	Using DMS in my job will increase my productivity (e.g.  make my work faster).
23636	Using DMS in my job will improve my performance (e.g.  make my work better).
23637	Using DMS in my job will make me more effective (e.g.  help me make better decisions).
23638	I find DMS to be useful in my job.
23639	I intend to use DMS on my job within the next one month.
23640	I intend to use DMS on my job in the near future.
23641	I intend to use DMS for more of my job responsibilities.
23642	The person providing the DMS training was knowledgeable on this topic.
23643	The person providing the DMS training was trustworthy.
23644	The person providing the DMS training was credible.
23645	The person providing the DMS training appeared to be an expert on this topic.
23676	Using the CRM system in my job will increase my productivity.
23677	Using the CRM system will enhance my effectiveness on the job.
23678	Using the CRM system will make it easier to do my job.
23679	Using the CRM system will improve my job performance.
23680	Learning to operate the CRM system is easy for me.
23681	I find it easy to get the CRM system to do what I want it to do.
23682	I find the CRM system easy to use.
23683	I find the CRM system to be flexible to interact with.
23684	My interaction with the CRM system is clear and understandable.
23685	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the CRM system.
23686	Using the CRM system fits my preferred routine for conducting my job.
23687	The CRM system enables me to work in the way I prefer.
23688	Using the CRM system fits well with the way I like to work.
23689	Using the CRM system fits my preferred method for doing my job.
23690	To use the CRM system  I don’t have to change anything I currently do.
23691	Using the CRM system does not require significant changes in my existing work routine.
23692	Using the CRM system is a new experience for me.
23693	Using the CRM system is not similar to anything that I’ve done before.
23694	Using the CRM system is different from other experiences I have had.
23695	Using the CRM system is a new business experience for me.
23700	Using the CRM system runs counter to my own values.
23701	Using the CRM system does not fit the way I view the world.
23702	Using the CRM system goes against what I believe computers should be used for.
23703	Using the CRM system is not appropriate for a person with my values regarding the role of computers.
23704	Using the CRM system runs counter to my values about how to conduct my job.
23710	During a typical day  how many minutes would you spend using the CRM system?
23714	How frequently do you access the CRM system?
23720	Of all features and functions available in the CRM system  what percentage would you estimate that you use on a fairly regular basis?
23721	Approximately what percentage of all your client interactions are managed using the CRM system?
23737	The degree your firm has integrated the Internet and XML-based standards with back office enterprise systems and databases.
23738	The degree your firm has integrated the Internet and XML-based standards with suppliers' databases.
23739	The degree that Internet usage has been promoted by support from suppliers.
23740	The degree that Internet usage has been promoted by support from customers.
23741	The degree that Internet usage has been promoted by requirements in government procurement.
23742	The extent that peer companies used the Internet to conduct businesses.
23743	Improving coordination with supplier/trading partners
23744	Expanding market for existing product/service.
23745	Entering new business or markets.
23746	Reducing costs.
23747	Costs of Internet access are high.
23748	Costs of implementing Internet interorganizational systems are high.
23749	It is a complex and difficult task for your firm to integrate the use of the Internet interorganizational system in the overall business process.
23750	It is a complex and difficult task for your firm to make organizational changes to accommodate the Internet interorganizational system.
23751	It is a complex and difficult task for your firm to find staff with expertise of using the Internet interorganizational system.
23752	Your firm is concerned about data security and privacy in the Internet.
23753	Online transactions are not sufficiently protected by laws (e.g.  default).
23754	Business laws do not support the use of the Internet.
23755	Taxation does not support the use of the Internet.
23785	Always available - Not always available.
23786	Dependable - Nondependable.
23787	Easy-to-use - Hard-to-use.
23788	Convenient - Inconvenient.
23789	Simple - Complex.
23790	Technical - Nontechnical.
23791	Urgent - Not urgent.
23792	Audio - Visual.
23793	Ambiguous - Clear.
23794	Precise - Imprecise.
23795	Accurate - Inaccurate.
23796	Reliable - Unreliable.
23797	Slow - Fast.
23798	Flexible - Restricted.
23799	Subjective - Objective.
23800	Wide-ranging - Narrow-focused.
23801	Delayed feedback - Immediate feedback.
23802	Confidential - Public.
23803	Favorable - Unfavorable.
23804	Personal - Impersonal.
23805	Sensitive - Not sensitive.
23806	Confidential - Public.
23807	Flexible - Restricted.
23808	Personal - Impersonal.
23832	The information on the website is effective.
23833	The website adequately meets my information needs.
23834	The information on the website is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks.
23835	The website is visually pleasing.
23836	The website displays visually pleasing design.
23837	The website is visually appealing.
23838	Using this website can improve my shopping performance.
23839	Using this website can increase my shopping productivity.
23840	Using this website can increase my shopping effectiveness.
23841	My interaction with this website was disgusting/enjoyable.
23842	My interaction with this website was dull/exciting.
23843	My interaction with this website was unpleasant/pleasant.
23844	As I browsed this website  I had the urge to purchase items other than or in addition to my specific shopping goal.
23845	Browsing this website  I had a desire to buy items that did not pertain to my specific shopping goal.
23846	While browsing this website  I had the inclination to purchase items outside my specific shopping goal.
23847	My organization has specific guidelines that describe  acceptable use of e-mail.
23848	My organization has established rules of behavior for  use of computer resources.
23849	My organization has a formal policy that forbids employees from accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to use.
23850	My organization has specific guidelines that describe acceptable use of computer passwords.
23851	My organization has specific guidelines that govern what employees are allowed to do with their computers.
23852	My organization provides training to help employees improve their awareness of computer and information security issues.
23853	My organization provides employees with  education on computer software copyright laws.
23854	In my organization  employees are briefed on the consequences of modifying computerized data in an  unauthorized way.
23855	My organization educates employees on their computer security responsibilities.
23856	In my organization  employees are briefed on the consequences of accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to use.
23857	I believe that my organization monitors any modification or altering of computerized data by employees.
23858	I believe that employee computing activities are monitored by my organization.
23859	I believe that my organization monitors computing activities to ensure that employees are performing only  explicitly authorized tasks.
23860	I believe that my organization reviews logs of employees’ computing activities on a regular basis.
23861	I believe that my organization conducts periodic audits to detect the use of unauthorized software on its computers.
23862	I believe that my organization actively monitors the content of employees’ e-mail messages.
23863	Purchasing from this website would involve more product risk (i.e.  not working  defective product) when compared with more traditional ways of shopping.
23864	How would you rate your overall perception of risk from this site?
23865	Purchasing from this website would involve more financial risk (i.e.  fraud  hard to return) when compared with more traditional ways of shopping.
23866	This site is trustworthy.
23867	I believe that this Website vendor has my best interests in mind.
23868	This website vendor gives the impression that it keeps promises and commitments.
23869	I think using this website is convenient.
23870	I can save money by using this website.
23871	I can save time by using this website.
23872	Using this website enables me to accomplish a shopping task more quickly than using traditional stores.
23873	Using this website increases my productivity in shopping (e.g.  making purchase decisions or finding product information within the shortest time frame).
23874	I am likely to purchase the products(s) on this site.
23875	I am likely to recommend this site to my friends.
23876	I am likely to make another purchase from this site if I need the products that I will buy.
23877	How would you rate your overall expectations of the quality of the purchasing (process) from this website?
23878	How well does the website fit your personal needs?
23880	How would you rate your expectations that things would go wrong in buying from this website?
23881	Using this website improved my performance in shopping.
23882	Using this website increased my productivity in shopping.
23883	Using this website enhanced my effectiveness in shopping.
23884	Overall  using this website is useful in shopping.
23885	My experience with using this website was better than what I had expected.
23886	The product and service provided by this website was better than what I had expected.
23887	Overall  most of my expectations from using this website were confirmed.
23888	The expectations that I have about this website were correct.
23889	How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: very dissatisfied - very satisfied.
23890	How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: very displeased - very pleased.
23891	How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: very frustrated - very contented.
23892	How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: absolutely terrible - absolutely delighted.
23893	If I were to buy the same product again  I would likely buy it from this website.
23894	I am likely to return to this website for my next purchase.
23895	I am likely to make another purchase from this site in the next year.
23896	I will recommend this website to friends.
23897	I generally trust other people.
23898	I generally have faith in humanity.
23899	I feel that people are generally reliable.
23900	I generally trust other people unless they give me reasons not to.
23901	Overall  I am familiar with this site.
23902	I am familiar with searching for items on this site.
23903	I am familiar with the process of purchasing from this site.
23904	I am familiar with buying products from this site.
23925	Automatic data capture systems are used (e.g.  bar code) across the supply chain.
23926	Definitions of key data elements (e.g.  customer  order  part number) are common across the supply chain.
23927	Same data (e.g.  order status) stored in different databases across the supply chain is consistent.
23938	Production and delivery schedules are shared across the supply chain.
23939	Performance metrics are shared across the supply chain.
23940	Supply chain members collaborate in arriving at demand forecasts.
23941	Our downstream partners (e.g.  distributors  wholesalers  retailers) share their actual sales data with us.
23942	Inventory data are visible at all steps across the supply chain.
23943	Product delivery cycle time.
23944	Timeliness of after sales service.
23945	Productivity improvements (e.g.  assets  operating costs  labor costs).
23950	There is a high margin of error in product forecasts.
23951	Products have a short life cycle (less than 1 year).
23952	How clear are the benefits from the program? Is there significant additional work needed to achieve the (needed clarity of) benefits?
23953	How credible is the logic chain linking the benefits claimed with the direct outputs of the work?
23954	To what extent have the projected benefits and the assumptions been validated?
23955	Are all the initiatives needed to realize benefits  and how these will be tackled  identified in the program?
23956	What processes are there to capture and leverage benefits that were not expected but are discovered?
23957	To what extent can we measure the projected outcomes of benefits?
23958	Have metrics and time-based targets been established for key outcomes/benefits?
23959	How strong an approach is the business taking to realizing benefits?
23960	Will the IT people to be used on the program (internal and external) have adequate technical skills?
23961	Will the IT work within the program use common technical resources?
23962	How big is the IT work involved in the program?
23963	How do(es) the IT project(s) within the program rank in complexity relative to other IT projects in the organization?
23964	How dependent is the successful completion of work on the skills and experience of specific team members?
23965	To what extent is the proposed technology aligned with the organization’s IT architecture?
23966	To what extent will the proposed program be compliant with the organization’s security policies?
23967	To what extent are the benefits dependent on a consistently high level of performance from the products of the program?
23968	Is the future state anticipated by the implementation of the program clearly understood and stated in the plan?
23969	How clearly understood are the program deliverables and the relationship between these deliverables and the achievement of the program benefits?
23970	To what extent have the key areas and full detail of IT work been incorporated into the overall plan?
23971	To what extent have the business areas been involved in the creation of the business case?
23972	How much do those impacted by the change support the initiative?
23973	How ready  willing and able is the sponsor to make the program a success?
23974	Are appropriate resources available to the program from business areas affected by the program?
23975	How widespread is the impact of the program?
23976	Does the impacted staff have the capability and capacity to assimilate the business changes implied by the program?
23977	How much of the projected benefits will be realized if the business priorities change?
23978	To what extent are the benefits contingent on stability in the business environment?
23979	How mature is the technology to be used in the initiative?
23980	To what extent do the plans conform to good project management practice?
23981	How sound is the work on cost estimates and contingency?
23982	Are there effective quality assurance processes planned for the program?
23983	Are there effective processes in place for decision-making and escalation of issues to allow timely and sound resolution?
23984	Using the Exact card system enables me and my staff to process payments more quickly.
23985	Using the Exact card system improves the job performance of me and my staff.
23986	Using the Exact card system increases the productivity of me and my staff.
23987	Using the Exact card system enhances the on-the-job effectiveness of me and my staff.
23988	Using the Exact card system makes it easier for me and my staff to do our jobs.
23989	My staff and I find the Exact card system useful to use in our jobs.
23990	Learning to operate the Exact card system was easy for me and my staff.
23991	My staff and I find it easy to get the Exact card system to do what we want it to do.
23992	Using the Exact card system is clear and understandable for me and my staff.
23993	My staff and I find the Exact card system to be flexible to use.
23994	It was easy for my staff and I to become skillful at using the Exact card system.
23995	My staff and I find the Exact card system easy to use.
23996	Using the Exact card system improves the quality of the sales transactions my staff and I conduct in our business.
23997	Using the Exact card system gives me and my staff greater control over our business’ sales transactions.
23998	Learning to operate the Exact card system was easy for me and my staff.
23999	My staff and I find it easy to get the Exact card system to do what we want it to do.
24000	Using the Exact card system is clear and understandable for me and my staff.
24001	My staff and I find the Exact card system easy to use.
24002	Using an Open Source alternative for MS Office will negatively impact my ability to complete tasks.
24003	Using the Exact card system is compatible with all aspects of my business’ sales transactions.
24004	I think that using the Exact card system fits well with the way my staff and I like to receive payment for goods and services.
24005	Using the Exact card system fits with our business’ work style.
24006	Merchants who use the Exact card system have more prestige than those who do not.
24007	Merchants who use the Exact card system have a higher profile than those who do not.
24008	Having an Exact card system is a status symbol among the merchants I know.
24009	My staff and I would have no difficulty telling others about our experience using the Exact card system.
24010	My staff and I could communicate to others the consequences of using the Exact card system.
24011	The impact of using the Exact card system is apparent to my staff and me.
24012	Software companies make excessive profits.
24013	In my community  I see many merchants using the Exact card system.
24014	The Exact card system is not very visible in my community.
24015	Society should deal with software as it does books.
24016	Before deciding whether to use the Exact card system  my staff and I were able to properly try it out.
24017	My staff and I have had a great deal of opportunity to try the Exact card system in various situations (e.g.  a customer asks to pay for a purchase with a combination of Exact and cash).
24018	My business’ use of the Exact card system was voluntary.
24019	Although suggested to my business  using the Exact card system was not compulsory.
24020	Once the trial period is over  I will be interested in continuing to use a smart card payment system in my business.
24021	Once the trial period is over  I will arrange to permanently adopt a smart card payment system as soon as possible.
24022	Once the trial period is over  I won’t see much need to continue to use a smart card payment system in my business.
24023	Once the trial period is over  I will recommend that my fellow merchants get a smart card payment system.
24024	My work environment allows me to work efficiently.
24025	I feel that I am not productive in my work environment.
24026	My work environment allows me to complete a large number of tasks each day.
24027	My work environment allows me to meet the expectations of my supervisor in performing my job.
24028	My work environment allows me to do high quality work.
24029	My work environment allows me to complete tasks in an unsatisfactory manner.
24030	My work environment allows me to complete work in a timely and effective manner.
24031	My work environment allows me to improve my overall work performance.
24032	I am satisfied with my work environment.
24033	My work environment allows me to get help from coworkers when needed .
24034	My work environment allows me to get help from my supervisor when needed .
24035	My work environment allows me to feel as if I belong to the office team.
24036	Is student information system (SIS) user friendly?
24037	Is student information system (SIS) easy to use?
24038	Does the student information system provide the precise information you need?
24039	Does the student information system provide output that is exactly what you need?
24040	Does the student information system provide sufficient information to enable you to do your tasks?
24041	Does the student information system have errors in the program that you must work around?
24042	Are you satisfied with the accuracy of the student information system?
24043	Are the output options (print types  page sizes allowed for  etc.) sufficient for your use?
24044	Is the information provided helpful regarding your questions or problems?
24045	Using a student information system enables me to accomplish student-related tasks more quickly.
24046	Using a student information system improves my job performance.
24047	Using a student information system in my job increases my productivity.
24048	Using a student information system enhances my effectiveness on the job.
24049	Using a student information system makes it easier to do my job.
24050	I find a student information system useful on my job.
24051	How would you rate your satisfaction with the student information system?
24052	I am dependent on a student information system.
24053	Computers are a real threat to privacy in this country.
24054	Sometimes I am afraid the data processing department will lose my data.
24055	I am anxious and concerned about the pace of automation in the world.
24056	I am easily frustrated by computerized bills.
24057	I am sometimes frustrated by increasing automation in my home.
24058	How likely are you  within the next three years to  decide not to apply for something like a job  credit  or insurance because you do not want to provide certain kinds of information about yourself?
24059	How likely are you  within the next three years to refuse to give information to a business or company because you think it is too personal?
24060	How likely are you  within the next three years to  take action to have your name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs  products  and services?
24061	How likely are you  within the next three years to  refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way a company uses personal information?
24062	Companies should not use personal information for any purposes unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
24063	When people give personal information to a company for some reason  the company should never use the information for any other purpose.
24064	Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
24065	Companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
24066	All the personal information in computer databases should be double-checked for accuracy—no matter how much this costs.
24067	Companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
24068	Companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
24069	Companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
24070	Companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information.
24071	Companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
24072	Companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
24073	It usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal  information
24074	When companies ask me for personal information  I sometimes think twice before providing it.
24075	It bothers me to give personal information to so many  people.
24076	I am concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
24077	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit interesting.
24078	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit enjoyable.
24079	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit exciting.
24080	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit fun.
24081	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt confused.
24082	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt calm.
24083	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt in control.
24084	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt frustrated.
24085	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I was absorbed intensely in the activity.
24086	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com my attention was focused on the activity.
24087	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I concentrated fully on the activity.
24088	During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I was deeply engrossed in the activity.
24089	Using Booksamillion.com can improve my shopping performance.
24090	Using Booksamillion.com can increase my shopping productivity.
24091	Using Booksamillion.com can increase my shopping effectiveness.
24092	I find using Booksamillion.com useful.
24093	Learning to use Booksamillion.com would be easy for me.
24094	My interaction with Booksamillion.com is clear and understandable.
24095	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using Books amillion.com.
24096	I find Booksamillion.com easy to use.
24097	I am very skilled at using the Web.
24098	I know how to find what I want on the Web.
24099	I know more about using the Web than most users.
24100	Using Booksamillion.com challenged me to perform to the best of my ability.
24101	Using Booksamillion.com provided a good test of my skills.
24102	Using Booksamillion.com stretched my capabilities to the limits.
24103	Our group members were able to reach consensus on how to apply the electronic meeting system to our task.
24104	Overall  members of our group agreed on how we should use the electronic meeting system for our work.
24105	There was no conflict in our group regarding how we should incorporate the electronic meeting system into our work.
24106	Our group reached mutual understanding on how we should use the electronic meeting system to perform our task.
24107	Our group was able to reach consensus on how we should use the electronic meeting system to perform our task.
24108	The developers of electronic meeting system would disagree with how our group used the system.
24109	Our group probably used the electronic meeting system improperly.
24110	The original developers of the electronic meeting system would view our group’s use of the system as inappropriate.
24111	Our group failed to use the electronic meeting system as it should have been used.
24112	We did not use the electronic meeting system in the most appropriate fashion.
24113	Learning to operate an electronic meeting system is [would be] easy for groups I work with.
24114	Groups I work with find [would find] it easy to get an electronic meeting system to do what they want [would want] it to do.
24115	Groups I work with find [would find] their interaction with an electronic meeting system clear and understandable.
24116	Groups I work with find [would find] an electronic meeting system to be flexible to interact with.
24117	It is [would be] easy for groups I work with to become skillful at using an electronic meeting system.
24118	Overall  groups I work with find [would find] and electronic meeting system easy to use.
24119	Using and electronic meeting system enables [would enable] groups I normally work with to accomplish the tasks more quickly.
24120	Using an electronic meeting system improves [would improve] the performance of groups I work with.
24121	Using an electronic meeting system increases [would increase] the productivity of groups I work with.
24122	Using an electronic meeting system enhances [would enhance] the effectiveness of groups I work with.
24123	Using an electronic meeting system makes it [would make it] easier for groups I work with to carry out their tasks.
24124	Groups I work find [would find] an electronic meeting system useful for group work.
24125	How would you describe your group’s problem-solving process?
24126	I am concerned about unauthorized use of my credit card.
24127	I am concerned about misuse of my credit card.
24128	I am worried about who will have access to my credit card number.
24129	I am concerned about misuse of personal information.
24130	I worry about receiving wrong products.
24131	I am concerned about shipping errors.
24132	I like broad choice of products.
24133	I like having greater product selection.
24134	I like to have maximum product availability.
24135	I like to have maximum range of quality product options.
24136	I like having maximum product variety.
24137	I like to have greater product choice.
24138	I like the ease of comparison shopping.
24139	I am concerned about vendor legitimacy.
24140	I am concerned about seller legitimacy.
24141	I am concerned about how much I can trust the vendor.
24142	I am concerned about security for Internet commerce.
24143	I like to travel as little as possible to purchase.
24144	I like to minimize travel for purchase.
24145	I like to drive as little as possible to shop.
24146	It is important to make shopping easy.
24147	It is important to minimize time to select a product.
24148	It is important to minimize queuing time.
24149	It is important to minimize effort of shopping.
24150	It is important to minimize personal hassle.
24151	It is important to minimize payment time.
24152	It is important to minimize time pressure when shopping.
24153	It is important to reduce environmental damages.
24154	It is important to minimize pollution.
24155	It is important to minimize environmental impact.
24156	It is important to assure an easy return process.
24157	It is important to provide quality after-sale service.
24158	It is important to provide an easy return process.
24159	It is important to minimize product cost.
24160	It is important to minimize tax cost.
24161	It is important to maximize product value.
24162	It is important to ensure quality of product.
24163	It is reliable.
24164	It does not take a long time to load the front page of the site.
24165	It provides fast loading speed in any environment.
24166	It protects users’ personal information effectively.
24167	It manages and maintains personal account records.
24168	It provides thorough protection  preventing any invasion from intruders.
24169	I can rely on this business whenever I want to purchase important products.
24170	I will use this business always to do shopping in any urgent situations.
24171	It provides various assortments of goods and services.
24172	Information related to goods and services offered in this business is accurate.
24173	The latest information related to goods and services is adequately provided.
24174	Information provided is easy to understand.
24175	In comparison with other virtual malls  the price of the goods and services (including postage handling) are reasonable.
24176	The processes of ordering goods and services are convenient.
24177	It provides adequate information to check the ordered items and their location during the process of ordering the items.
24178	It maintains my personal information  so I can make repeated orders more conveniently.
24179	Ordered items are delivered right at the promised time.
24180	There is no difference between the ordered items and the delivered items.
24181	It is convenient to make exchanges and obtain refunds for the purchased goods and services.
24182	It is convenient to make claims when there are problems in the delivered goods and services.
24183	It is pleasant to follow the overall flow.
24184	It is a delight to recognize where I am and what I am doing in the business.
24185	It is easy to learn the steps to use the system.
24186	It is pleasant to follow and use the menu structure.
24187	It is easy to remember the business address (URL: Domain Address).
24188	The images and typographies used in the sites are stylish.
24189	The overall atmosphere and screen displays of the sites are well coordinated.
24190	It is pleasant to see the provided information on each screen in this site.
24191	Information provided in this site is consistent throughout.
24192	A well-coordinated community has been formed among the users of this site.
24193	It offers various ways to communicate between the customer and the company.
24194	It provides fast and accurate answers to the customers’ inquiries (Q&A).
24195	It offers custom-made communication services to individual users.
24196	I am going to revisit this Internet business when necessary.
24197	Overall  I am satisfied with the Internet business.
24198	In general  people really do care about the well-being of others.
24199	The typical person is sincerely concerned about the problems of others.
24200	Most of the time  people care enough to try to be helpful  rather than just looking out for themselves.
24201	In general  most folks keep their promises.
24202	I think people generally try to back up their words with their actions.
24203	Most people are honest in their dealings with others.
24204	I believe that most professional people do a very good job at their work.
24205	Most professionals are very knowledgeable in their chosen field.
24206	A large majority of professional people are competent in their area of expertise.
24207	I usually trust people until they give me a reason not to trust them.
24208	I generally give people the benefit of the doubt when I first meet them.
24209	My typical approach is to trust new acquaintances until they prove I should not trust them.
24210	I feel good about how things go when I do purchasing or other activities on the Internet.
24211	I am comfortable making purchases on the Internet.
24212	I feel that most Internet vendors would act in a customers’ best interest.
24213	If a customer required help  most Internet vendors would do their best to help.
24214	Most Internet vendors are interested in customer well-being  not just their own wellbeing.
24215	I am comfortable relying on Internet vendors to meet their obligations.
24216	I feel fine doing business on the Internet since Internet vendors generally fulfill their agreements.
24217	I always feel  confident that I can rely on Internet vendors to do their part when I interact with them.
24218	In general  most Internet vendors are competent at serving their customers.
24219	Most Internet vendors do a capable job at meeting customer needs.
24220	I feel that most Internet vendors are good at what they do.
24221	The Internet has enough safeguards to make me feel comfortable using it to transact personal business.
24222	I feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems on the Internet.
24223	I feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on the Internet make it safe for me to do business there.
24224	In general  the Internet is now a robust and safe environment in which to transact business.
24225	I believe that LegalAdvice.com would act in my best interest.
24226	If I required help  LegalAdvice.com would do its best to help me.
24227	LegalAdvice.com is interested in my well-being  not just its own.
24228	LegalAdvice.com is truthful in its dealings with me.
24229	I would characterize LegalAdvice.com as honest.
24230	LegalAdvice.com would keep its commitments.
24231	LegalAdvice.com is sincere and genuine.
24232	LegalAdvice.com is competent and effective in providing legal advice.
24233	LegalAdvice.com performs its role of giving legal advice very well.
24234	Overall  LegalAdvice.com is a capable and proficient Internet legal advice provider.
24235	In general  LegalAdvice.com is very knowledgeable about the law.
24236	The opportunity to learn new things is important to me.
24237	The opportunity to do challenging work is important to me.
24238	I prefer to work on tasks that force me to learn new things.
24239	If I don’t succeed on a difficult task  I plan to try harder the next time.
24240	In learning situations  I tend to set fairly challenging goals for myself.
24241	I am always challenging myself to learn new concepts.
24242	The opportunity to extend my range of abilities is important to me.
24243	I feel confident using a computer to learn about and apply new concepts.
24244	Using a computer is an efficient way for me to learn new things.
24245	I could apply new concepts that I learned from a computerized training program.
24246	I don’t feel that I could learn new skills from a computerized training program .
24247	It would be easy for me to become skillful at tasks learned from a computerized training program.
24248	I would be comfortable using a computerized training program.
24249	I could successfully use a computerized training program.
24250	I am able to finish homework assignments by deadlines.
24251	I am able to study even when there are other interesting things to do.
24252	I am able to concentrate on school subjects.
24253	I am able to take notes of class instruction.
24254	I am able to use the library and the internet for information for class assignments.
24255	I am able to plan my schoolwork.
24256	I am able to organize my schoolwork.
24257	I am able to remember information presented in class and textbooks.
24258	I am able to arrange a place to study at my residence/home without distractions.
24259	I am able to motivate myself to do schoolwork.
24260	I am able to participate in class discussions.
24270	I tried to think through each topic and decide what I was supposed to learn.
24271	I was aware of the progress of my learning with respect to my goals for this session.
24272	I thought about what things I needed to do to learn.
24273	Approximately what percent of the organizations in your industry use EDI for purchasing?
24274	In your industry  is the adoption of EDI helpful in allowing an organization to remain competitive?
24275	Please rate the pressure to adopt EDI placed on your organization by your competitors.
24276	At the time that your organization was being encouraged to adopt EDI  approximately what percentage of purchases (dollar value) were from this firm?
24277	Approximately how many firms supply the same product(s) as this firm?
24278	Please rate the importance of this supplier to your organization at the time your organization was being encouraged to adopt EDI.
24279	Please rate the amount of influence this supplier had in your organization’s decision whether or not to adopt EDI.
24280	Please rate the pressure placed on your organization to adopt EDI by industry sources.
24281	How many times per year do you receive information regarding EDI from sources outside your organization (such as industry associations  professional associations  or trade newsletters)?
24282	In the context of your organization’s overall Information Systems budget  how significant would the financial cost of developing and implementing and EDI system be?
24283	Approximately how many people are employed in your organization?
24284	What was the (approximate) total revenue of your organization last year? (For nonprofit organizations  indicate total operating budget.)
24285	Please rate the attitude of your top management toward the deployment of information technology in your organization.
24286	Personnel reduction.
24287	Operational costs reduction.
24288	Productivity improvements.
24289	Improved access to information.
24290	Improved quality of decision making.
24291	Improved competitiveness.
24292	Improved service to customers.
24293	Increased productivity.
24294	Paper reduction.
24295	Overhead cost reduction.
24296	Reduced error rates.
24297	Reduced data rekeying.
24298	Reduced inventory costs.
24299	Improved customer service.
24300	Reduced need for cash-on-hand (“Float”).
24301	Faster response to orders.
24302	Reduced stockout costs.
24303	Higher product quality.
24304	Reduced communication cost.
24305	Improved accuracy.
24306	Enhanced ability to compete.
24307	Greater integration of automated systems.
24308	Improved access to suppliers’ price and product descriptions.
24309	Potential for purchasing process re-engineering.
24310	Trading partner reluctance to change.
24311	Lack of trust in trading partner(s).
24312	Training or educating trading partner(s).
24313	Non-automated/non-sophisticated trading partner(s).
24314	Poor reputation of trading partner(s).
24315	Lack of adequate accounting or legal controls.
24316	Inadequate trading volume to justify EDI.
24317	Difficulty in achieving “critical mass” of trading partners.
24318	At what stage is EDI system development is your organization currently engaged?
24319	Does your organization intend to adopt EDI?
24320	If your organization is developing EDI or intends to adopt EDI  how soon do you anticipate that it will have an operational EDI system?
24321	Information that is applicable to your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24322	Information that is related to your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24323	Information that is pertinent to your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24324	In general  information that is relevant to your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24325	Information that is clear in meaning is: not important at all - extremely important.
24326	Information that is easy to comprehend is: not important at all - extremely important.
24327	Information that is easy to read is: not important at all - extremely important.
24328	In general  information that is understandable for you in making purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24329	Information that is trustworthy is: not important at all - extremely important.
24330	Information that is accurate is: not important at all - extremely important.
24331	Information that is credible is: not important at all - extremely important.
24332	In general  information that is reliable for making your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24333	Information that is sufficient for your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24334	Information that is complete for your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24335	Information that contains necessary topics for your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24336	In general  information that is adequate for your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24337	Information that covers a wide range is: not important at all - extremely important.
24338	Information that contains a wide variety of topics is: not important at all - extremely important.
24339	Information that contains a number of different subjects is: not important at all - extremely important.
24340	In general  information that covers a broad scope for your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24341	Information that is informative to your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24342	Information that is valuable to your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24343	In general  information that is useful in your purchase decision is: not important at all - extremely important.
24344	A Web site that is responsive to your request is: not important at all - extremely important.
24345	A Web site that quickly loads all the text and graphics is: not important at all - extremely important.
24346	In general  a Web site that provides good access is: not important at all - extremely important.
24347	A Web site that has a simple layout for its contents is: not important at all - extremely important.
24348	A Web site that is easy to use is: not important at all - extremely important.
24349	A Web site that is well organized is: not important at all - extremely important.
24350	A Web site that has a clear design is: not important at all - extremely important.
24351	In general  a Web site that is user-friendly is: not important at all - extremely important.
24352	A Web site that is visually attractive is: not important at all - extremely important.
24353	A Web site that is fun to navigate is: not important at all - extremely important.
24354	A Web site that is interesting to navigate is: not important at all - extremely important.
24355	In general  a Web site that is entertaining is: not important at all - extremely important.
24356	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be clear in meaning?
24357	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be easy to comprehend?
24358	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be easy to read?
24359	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be in general  reliable for making your purchase decision?
24360	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be trustworthy?
24361	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be accurate?
24362	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be credible?
24363	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be in general  reliable for making your purchase decision?
24364	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be informative to your purchase decision?
24365	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be valuable to making your purchase decision?
24366	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect information on the Web site to be in general  useful in your purchase decision ?
24367	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site is responsive to your request?
24368	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site quickly loads all text and graphics?
24369	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site in general  provides good access?
24370	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site has a simple layout for its contents?
24371	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site is easy to use?
24372	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site is well organized?
24373	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site is a clear design?
24374	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site  in general  is user friendly?
24375	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site is easy to go back and forth between pages?
24376	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site provides a few clicks to locate information?
24377	Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site  do you expect that the Web site in general  is easy to navigate?
24378	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is clear in meaning was: very poor - very good.
24379	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is easy to comprehend was: very poor - very good.
24380	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is easy to read was: very poor - very good.
24381	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is in general  understandable for you in making your purchase decision was: very poor - very good.
24382	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is trustworthy was: very poor - very good.
24383	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is accurate was: very poor - very good.
24384	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is credible was: very poor - very good.
24385	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general  reliable for making your purchase decision was: very poor - very good.
24386	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is informative to your purchase decision was: very poor - very good.
24387	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is valuable to your purchase decision was: very poor - very good.
24388	The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is in general  useful in your purchase decision was: very poor - very good.
24389	The Web site’s performance that is responsive to your request was: very poor - very good.
24390	The Web site’s performance that quickly loads all the text and graphics was: very poor - very good.
24391	The Web site’s performance that in general  provides good access was: very poor - very good.
24392	The Web site’s performance that has a simple layout for its contents was: very poor - very good.
24393	The Web site’s performance that is easy to use was: very poor - very good.
24394	The Web site’s performance that is well organized was: very poor - very good.
24395	The Web site’s performance that is a clear design was: very poor - very good.
24396	The Web site’s performance that in general  is user-friendly was: very poor - very good.
24397	The Web site’s performance that is easy to go back and forth between pages was: very poor - very good.
24398	The Web site’s performance that provides a few clicks to locate information was: very poor - very good.
24399	The Web site’s performance that in general  is easy to navigate was: very poor - very good.
24400	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is clear in meaning was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24401	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is easy to comprehend was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24402	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is easy to read was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24403	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general  understandable for you in making your purchase decision was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24404	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is trustworthy was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24405	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is accurate was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24406	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is credible was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24407	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general  reliable for making your purchase decision was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24408	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is informative to your purchase decision was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24409	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is valuable to making your purchase decision was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24410	The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general  useful in your purchase decision was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24411	The performance of the Web site that is responsive to your request was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24412	The performance of the Web site that quickly loads all the text and graphics was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24413	The performance of the Web site that in general  provides good access was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24414	The performance of the Web site that has a simple layout for its contents was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24415	The performance of the Web site that is easy to use was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24416	The performance of the Web site that is well organized was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24417	The performance of the Web site that is a clear design was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24418	The performance of the Web site that in general  is user-friendly was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24419	The performance of the Web site that is easy to go back and forth between pages was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24420	The performance of the Web site that provides a few clicks to locate information was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24421	The performance of the Web site that in general  is easy to navigate was: much lower than you thought - much higher than you thought.
24422	After using the Web site  information that you obtained made you: very dissatisfied - very satisfied.
24423	After using the Web site  information that you obtained made you: very displeased - very pleased.
24424	After using the Web site  information that you obtained made you: frustrated - contented.
24425	After using the Web site  information that you obtained made you: disappointed - delighted.
24426	In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need  using the Web site made you: very dissatisfied - very satisfied.
24427	In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need  using the Web site made you: very displeased - very pleased.
24428	In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need  using the Web site made you: frustrated - contented.
24429	In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need  using the Web site made you: disappointed - delighted.
24430	After using this Web site  I am: very dissatisfied - very satisfied.
24431	After using this Web site  I am: very displeased - very pleased.
24432	Using this Web site made me: frustrated - contented.
24433	After using this Web site  I am: disappointed - delighted.
24434	Using this Web site is: will never recommend - will definitely recommend.
24435	After using this Web site  I: will never use it again - will definitely use it again.
24436	When an important legal issue or problem arises  I would feel comfortable depending on the information provided by LegalAdvice.com.
24437	I can always rely on LegalAdvice.com in a tough legal situation.
24438	I feel that I could count on LegalAdvice.com to help with a crucial legal problem.
24439	Faced with a difficult legal situation that required me to hire a lawyer (for a fee)  I would use the firm backing LegalAdvice.com.
24441	I would feel comfortable acting on the landlord/tenant information given to me by LegalAdvice.com.
24442	I would not hesitate to use the landlord/tenant information LegalAdvice.com supplied  me.
24443	I would confidently act on the legal advice I was given by LegalAdvice.com.
24444	I would feel secure in using the landlord/tenant information from LegalAdvice.com.
24445	Based on the advice I just read  I would serve notice  wait  go ahead and get the repair done  and then deduct the cost of the repair from my rent.
24446	I would be willing to provide information like my name  address  and phone number to LegalAdvice.com.
24447	I would be willing to provide my social security number to LegalAdvice.com.
24448	I would be willing to share the specifics of my legal issue with LegalAdvice.com.
24449	Faced with a difficult legal situation  I would be willing to pay to access information on the LegalAdvice.com Web site.
24450	I would be willing to provide credit card information on the LegalAdvice.com Web site.
24451	Given a tough legal issue  I would be willing to pay for a 30-minute phone consultation with a LegalAdvice.com lawyer.
24452	I like to explore new Web sites.
24453	When I hear about a new Web site  I often find an excuse to go visit it.
24454	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new Internet sites.
24455	In general  I am not interested in trying out new Web sites.
24456	When I have some free time  I often explore new Web sites.
24461	Overall  this site worked very well technically.
24462	Visually  this site resembled other sites I think highly of.
24463	This site was simple to navigate.
24464	On this site  it was easy to find the information I wanted.
24465	This site clearly showed how I can contact or communicate with LegalAdvice.com.
24466	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to be more willing to work extra hours than other vendors.
24467	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to perform their job more reliably than other vendors.
24468	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to volunteer to do more tasks outside the Service Level Agreement (SLA) than other vendors.
24469	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to invest more than other vendors in improving current skills to serve us better.
24470	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to be better at promoting a positive attitude in client organization than other vendors.
24471	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to be more willing to put in a full day’s work for a full day’s pay than other vendors.
24472	Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization  I expect the contractors to  suggest more initiatives on technology issues to client organization than other vendors.
24473	In terms of job roles and responsibilities  there is a need to reduce some parts of my role.
24474	In terms of job roles and responsibilities  I feel overburdened in my role.
24475	In terms of job roles and responsibilities  I have been given too much responsibility.
24476	In terms of job roles and responsibilities  my work load is too heavy.
24477	In terms of job roles and responsibilities  the amount of work I have to do interferes with the quality I want to maintain.
24478	We maintain close relationships with the contractors.
24479	We understand the contractors well.
24480	We have frequent contacts with the contractors.
24481	The contractors have been frank in dealing with us.
24482	Promises made by the contractors are reliable.
24483	The contractors are knowledgeable regarding their services.
24484	The contractors do not make false claims.
24485	If problems such as delays arise  the contractors are honest  about the problems.
24491	I paid close attention to the video demonstration.
24492	I was able to concentrate on the video demonstration.
24493	The video demonstration held my attention.
24494	During the video demonstration  I was absorbed by the demonstrated activities.
24495	I had the opportunity to summarize the key aspects of demonstrated computer operations.
24496	I had the opportunity to symbolically process the presented information.
24497	I had the opportunity to mentally visualize the demonstrated computer operations.
24498	I had the opportunity to mentally practice the demonstrated computer operations.
24499	I had the opportunity to accurately reproduce the demonstrated computer operations.
24500	I had enough practice of the demonstrated computer skills.
24501	The training provided me with the opportunity to produce the procedural steps demonstrated through the video.
24502	The training helped me practice the key component skills required to produce the demonstrated computer operations.
24503	The training provided information that motivated me to use Excel.
24504	The training helped me see the usefulness of Excel.
24505	The training increased my intention to master Excel.
24506	The training showed me the value of using Excel in solving problems.
24507	I am very much interested in taking this training class.
24508	I am excited about learning the spreadsheet skills that will be covered in this training class.
24509	I will try to learn as much as I can from this training class.
24510	I am motivated to learn the training material in this  class.
24511	We develop strong relationships with our suppliers.
24512	We develop strong relationships with our customers.
24513	We optimize coordination across our departments and/or product lines.
24514	There is a constant drive to improve operating efficiency.
24515	Our business decisions generally follow “tried and true” paths.
24516	We adopt a rather conservative view when making major decisions.
24517	In general  our mode of operations is less risky than that of our competitors.
24518	We sacrifice current profitability to gain market share.
24519	Gaining market share is more important than cash flow.
24520	We frequently use price-cutting to increase our market share.
24521	We generally increase capacity (i.e.  prepare to handle a greater volume of business) before our competitors do the same.
24522	We are usually the first ones to introduce various products and/or services in the market.
24523	We adopt innovations early.
24524	We tend to be number-oriented and analytical in our operations.
24525	We require detailed  factual information to support our day-to-day decision making.
24526	We develop comprehensive analyses of each business opportunity or challenge we face.
24527	The performance measures reviewed by the senior management team emphasize our long-term business effectiveness.
24528	Our criteria for budget allocations generally reflect long-term considerations.
24529	Our IS improve the efficiency of our day-to-day business operations.
24530	Our IS support effective coordination across functions (e.g.  marketing  manufacturing) and product lines.
24531	Our IS provide us with the facts and figures we need to support our day--to-day decision making.
24532	Our IS enable us to develop detailed analyses of our present business situation.
24533	Our IS provide sufficiently detailed information to support prudent decision making.
24534	Our IS support detailed analyses of major business decisions.
24535	I became more interested in the “community-first” concept.
24536	I gained a good understanding of the “community-first” concept.
24537	I learned to identify central ideas in the “community-first” area.
24538	I developed the ability to communicate clearly about the “community-first” concept.
24539	I was stimulated to do additional work in the area of “community-first.”
24540	My ability to critically analyze “community-first” issues was improved.
24541	I found the current project to be a good learning experience.
24542	Given a choice  I would take part in a project similar to the current project.
24543	Entering into a partnership with other public agencies.
24544	Participating in community-based partnership to address site or area-specific community needs.
24545	Negotiating win-win strategies among competing public and private partners.
24546	I feel confident that Amazon’s Ratings & Feedback mechanism gives accurate information about the auction sellers’ reputation.
24547	A considerable amount of useful feedback information about the transaction history of auction sellers is available through Amazon’s Ratings & Feedback mechanism.
24548	I believe that the Ratings & Feedback mechanism in Amazon’s auctions is effective.
24549	I believe that the Ratings & Feedback mechanism in Amazon’s auctions is reliable and dependable.
24550	The escrow method in Amazon’s auction marketplace: guarantees that I will get what I pay for.
24551	The escrow method in Amazon’s auction marketplace: protects me from an inappropriate behavior of sellers.
24552	The escrow method in Amazon’s auction marketplace: guarantees that sellers cannot cheat easily.
24553	I believe my credit card company will protect me in case of problematic transactions with sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace.
24554	I am confident that my credit card payments are safe in case of disputed purchases from sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace.
24555	My credit card company will stand by me if problems occur during transactions with sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace.
24556	As an auction host/intermediary  Amazon can be trusted at all times.
24558	As an auction host/intermediary  Amazon has high integrity.
24559	Amazon is a competent and knowledgeable auction host/intermediary.
24560	Sellers in Amazon’s auctions are in general reliable.
24561	Sellers in Amazon’s auctions are in general honest.
24562	Sellers in Amazon’s auctions are in general trustworthy.
24563	There is a considerable risk involved in participating in Amazon auctions.
24564	There is a high potential for loss involved in participating in Amazon auctions.
24565	My decision to participate in Amazon auctions is risky.
24566	Given the chance  I predict that I would consider bidding for products from sellers in Amazon's auctions in the future.
24567	It is likely that I will actually bid for products from sellers in Amazon's auctions in the near future.
24568	Given the opportunity  Intend to place a bid in Amazon's auctions.
24569	Most Internet retailers and auction sellers are reliable.
24570	Most Internet retailers and auction sellers keep promises and commitments.
24571	Most Internet retailers and auction sellers are honest.
24572	Please rate the performance of Amazon’s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals: Competitive pricing.
24573	Please rate the performance of Amazon’s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals: Timeliness of delivery.
24574	Please rate the performance of Amazon’s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals: High-quality products.
24575	My past experience in Amazon’s auction marketplace was positive.
24576	I received excellent service from sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace in the past.
24577	Sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace did a good job in the past.
24578	When it is necessary to compare or aggregate data from two or more different sources  there may be unexpected or difficult inconsistencies.
24579	There are times when supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is inconsistent.
24580	Sometimes it is difficult or impossible to compare or aggregate data from two different sources because the data is defined differently.
24581	There are so many different systems or files  each with slightly different data  that is hard to understand which one to use in a given situation.
24582	The data are stored in so many different places and in so many forms  it is hard to know how to use it effectively.
24583	It is easy to learn how to use the computer systems that give me access to data.
24584	The computer systems that give me access to the data are convenient and easy to use.
24585	The data is subject to frequent system problems and crashes.
24586	I can count on the system to be “up” and available when I need it.
24587	The computer systems I use are subjected to unexpected or inconvenient down times  which makes it harder to do my work.
24588	Our computer systems are too inflexible to be able to respond to my changing needs for data.
24589	When business requirements change  it is easy to change the selection and format of data made available by our computer systems.
24590	I am not getting as quick a turnaround as I need on requests for new reports or data.
24591	I can get data quickly and easily when I need to.
24592	It is easy to get access to data that I need.
24593	Frequently  my need for information arises on an irregular schedule and is not predictable in advance.
24594	There is a great deal of variety in the problems  issues  or questions for which I need data in my work.
24595	Frequently  it is necessary to spend a fair amount of time thinking about how best to address a business problem before I begin an analysis.
24596	Frequently  after I see what data are available or what the data say  I change my view of the problem and of what data are needed.
24597	Market activities of your key competitors.
24598	The tastes and preferences of your customers in your principal industry.
24599	Rate of innovation of new operating processes and new products or services in your principle industry.
24600	Your principal industry’s downswings and upswings.
24601	Market activities of your key competitors.
24602	Market activities of your key competitors.
24603	Needed diversity in your production methods and marketing tactics to cater to your different customers (1 = diversity has dramatically decreased; 4 = no change; 7=diversity has dramatically increased).
24604	I frequently deal with ad hoc  nonroutine business problems.
24605	I frequently deal with ill-defined business problems.
24606	Frequently  the business problems I work on involve answering questions that have never been asked in quite that form before.
24607	Frequently  in the mindset of using data to address some issue  I may decide to restate the problem and access slightly different data than I had at first planned.
24608	The problems I deal with frequently involve more than one business function.
24609	The business problems I deal with frequently involve more than one organization group.
24610	The data that I use or would like to use are accurate enough for my purposes.
24611	There are accuracy problems in the data I use or need.
24612	On the reports or systems I deal with  the exact meaning of data elements is either obvious or easy to find.
24613	The exact definition of data fields relating to my tasks is easy to find out.
24614	Data dictionaries or data directories are useful to me in locating or understanding the meaning of corporate or divisional data.
24615	I cannot get data current enough to meet my needs.
24616	I need some data on the up-to-the-minute status of operations or events but cannot get it.
24617	The data is up-to-date enough for my purposes.
24618	The data that I need is displayed in a readable and understandable form.
24619	The data is presented in a readable and useful format.
24620	The computer systems available to me are missing critical data that would be very useful to me in my job.
24621	The data maintained by the corporation or division is exactly what I need to carry out my tasks.
24622	It is more difficult to do my job effectively because some of the data I need is not available.
24623	Sufficiently detailed data is maintained by the corporation or division.
24624	The company maintains data at an appropriate level of detail for my purposes.
24625	I am getting the help I need in accessing and understanding the data.
24626	It is easy to get assistance when I am having trouble finding or using data.
24627	Data that would be useful to me is unavailable because I do not have the right authorization.
24628	Getting authorization to access data that would be useful in my job is time consuming and difficult.
24629	Data are safeguarded from unauthorized changes or use.
24630	There is not enough training on how to find  understand  access  or use corporate or divisional data.
24631	I am getting the training I need to be able to use corporate or divisional data effectively in my job.
24632	To what extent do you intend to create or strengthen partnership/alliances with IT people within your organization?
24633	To what extent do you intend to support/promote the use of IT in your division?
24634	What is your general knowledge of personal computer?
24635	What is your general knowledge of client-server?
24636	What is your general knowledge of LAN?
24637	What is your general knowledge of imagery technology?
24638	What is your general knowledge of multimedia?
24640	What is your general knowledge of WWW?
24641	What is your general knowledge of electronic data interchange?
24642	What is your general knowledge of e-commerce?
24643	What is your general knowledge of Groupware?
24645	What is your general knowledge of traditional system development life cycle?
24646	What is your general knowledge of end-user computing?
24647	What is your general knowledge of prototyping?
24648	What is your general knowledge of outsourcing?
24650	What is your general knowledge of project management practices?
24652	Indicate your level of knowledge about the current IS applications (including software  data) assets of your business unit?
24653	How informed are you about the IT budget in your business unit?
24654	How informed are you about the IT strategies in your business unit?
24655	How informed are you about the IT policies in your business unit?
24656	How informed are you about the IT vision statements in your business unit?
24658	How knowledgeable are you about IT or business people to contact within your organization as source of information about IT?
24659	How knowledgeable are you about IT or business people to contact outside your organization as source of information about IT?
24660	How knowledgeable are you about secondary sources of knowledge as source of information about IT?
24661	How often have you participated in and/or led in initiating new IS projects?
24662	How often have you participated in and/or led in identifying the cost and benefits of IS projects before they are developed; preparation of business cases?
24663	How often have you participated in and/or led in managing information systems projects?
24664	How often have you participated in and/or led in developing information systems?
24666	How often have you participated in and/or led in creating an IT vision statement regarding how IT contributes to business value and strategy?
24667	How often have you participated in and/or led in developing IT strategy?
24668	How often have you participated in and/or led in creating IT policies?
24669	How often have you participated in and/or led in setting IT budgets?
24670	Overall  I was satisfied with this online experience.
24671	The online site information content met my needs.
24672	It was possible for me to buy the product of my choice easily.
24673	I plan to use online shopping again.
24674	I strongly recommend shopping online to others.
24675	For products I can buy online  I intend to completely switch over to online shopping.
24676	I intend to increase my use of shopping online in the future.
24677	Overall  I believe that shopping online is easier.
24678	It is easy for me to shop online.
24679	My interactions during shopping online were clear and understandable.
24680	I believe that it is easy to do what I want to do while shopping online.
24681	Shopping online gives me greater control.
24682	Shopping online improves the quality of decision making.
24683	Shopping online is a more effective way to make purchase.
24684	Overall  I find shopping online very useful.
24685	It was easy for me to get relevant quantitative (price taxes  etc.) information.
24686	I believe that it was possible for me to evaluate the various alternatives.
24687	The store’s Web site provided adequate information.
24688	The online site provided sufficient information for the product.
24689	There are many sites where this product is available.
24690	I was satisfied with the number of sites where I could buy this product.
24691	Online shopping gives me a wider choice of different stores compared to conventional stores.
24692	Online shopping gives me a wider range of product choices compared to shopping at conventional stores.
24693	Shopping online helps me accomplish tasks more quickly.
24694	I did not have to spend too much time to complete the transaction.
24695	I did not have to spend too much effort to complete the transaction.
24696	I believe that online shopping is reliable.
24697	I believe that what I ask for what I get in online shopping.
24698	I think that the online store I purchased from performs the service right.
24699	I trust the online store to deliver the product on time.
24700	I believe the online store is responsive to my needs.
24701	In the case of any problem  I think the online store will give me prompt service.
24702	The customer service team at the online store will address any concerns that I have.
24703	The online store remembers/recognizes me as a repeat customer (after the first time).
24704	I think online shopping can address the specific needs of each customer.
24705	I was satisfied with the payment option (e.g.  different credit cards) at the store I shopped.
24706	I felt confident about the online purchase decision.
24707	I feel safe in my transactions with the online store.
24708	The online store had answers to all my questions about the product.
24709	We were totally immersed in resolving this problem.
24710	We took this task seriously.
24711	We put in a lot of effort.
24712	Our discussions were well organized.
24713	We had discussions about what criteria to use to select amongst the various decision alternatives.
24714	We both participated actively in our deliberations.
24715	We had discussions about many decision alternatives that were not part of the final recommendation.
24716	We considered several alternatives carefully.
24717	It was a complex process.
24718	It was a challenging process.
24719	It was a difficult process.
24720	It increased my skills in critical thinking.
24721	It increased my ability to integrate facts.
24722	It showed me how to focus on identifying the central issues.
24723	It enabled us to make decisions more quickly.
24724	It increased our productivity.
24725	It improved our performance.
24726	I am satisfied with it.
24727	It is of high quality.
24728	I am in full agreement with it.
24729	I like it.
24730	I am confident that it will work out well.
24731	It usually bothers me when online companies ask me for personal information.
24732	When online companies ask me for personal information   I sometimes think twice before providing it.
24733	It bothers me to give personal information to so many online companies.
24734	I’m concerned that online companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
24735	Consumer online privacy is really a matter of consumers’ right to exercise control and autonomy over decisions about how their information is collected  used  and shared.
24736	Consumer control of personal information lies at the heart of consumer privacy.
24737	I believe that online privacy is invaded when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction.
24738	Companies seeking information online should disclose the way the data are collected  processed  and used.
24739	A good consumer online privacy policy should have a clear and conspicuous disclosure.
24740	It is very important to me that I am aware and knowledgeable  about how my personal information will be used.
24743	I trust that online companies would keep my best  interests in mind when dealing with (the information)
24744	Online companies are in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of (the information).
24745	Online companies are always honest with customers when it comes to using (the information) that I would provide.
24746	In general  it would be risky to give (the information) to online companies.
24747	There would be high potential for loss associated  with giving (the information) to online firms.
24748	There would be too much uncertainty associated with giving (the information) to online firms.
24749	Providing online firms with (the information) would involve many unexpected problems.
24751	Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: unlikely - likely.
24752	Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: not probable - probable.
24754	Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: willing - unwilling.
24755	All the personal information in computer databases should be double-checked for accuracy—no matter how much this costs.
24756	Online companies should take more steps to make  sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
24757	Online companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
24758	Online companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
24759	Online companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided information.
24760	When people give personal information to an online company for some reason  the online company should never use the information for any other reason.
24761	Online companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal  information.
24762	Computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access—no  matter how much it costs.
24763	Online companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
24765	Compared to others  I am more sensitive about the way online companies handle my personal information.
24766	To me  it is the most important thing to keep my privacy intact from online companies.
24769	I am concerned about threats to my personal privacy today.
24770	How frequently have you personally been the victim of what you felt was an improper invasion of privacy?
24771	How much have you heard or read during the last year about the use and potential misuse of the information collected from the Internet?
24772	Estimates the contract scope accurately (i.e.  not underbid or overbid).
24773	Accepts scope change without additional charge.
24774	Builds buffer into contract to accommodate scope changes.
24775	Defines precisely the roles of each party.
24776	Defines precisely the responsibilities of each party.
24777	Lays out clearly what each party is to perform.
24778	Works independently (i.e.  minimal reliance on you [customer]) in getting the job done.
24779	Completes the job with minimal disruption to your (customer’s) operations.
24780	Solves problems with minimal involvement from you (customer).
24781	Assigns adequate staff dedicated to the project (i.e.  few staff changes).
24782	Keeps customer staff turnover low during the project.
24783	Replaces any leaving customer staff with someone more qualified or with equivalent expertise.
24784	Transfers knowledge to your (customer’s) staff.
24785	Shares best industry practices with you (customer).
24786	Transfers know-how of the product or service to you (customer).
24787	Delivers complete and comprehensive documentation (e.g.  manuals  product and design specifications).
24788	Invests time in building a good relationship with you (customer).
24789	Has a common or joint sense of mission and purpose with you (customer).
24790	Works as a team with you (customer).
24791	Understands customer’s own product or systems requirements clearly.
24792	Defines clearly the deliverables required.
24793	Defines clearly specifications of product or service.
24794	Is prompt in payment.
24795	Makes payment on time.
24796	Gives necessary approval for payment at predefined milestones.
24797	Attends your (supplier’s) presentation of project milestones.
24798	Attends key project meetings regularly.
24799	Conducts ongoing discussions during project.
24800	Assigns adequate staff dedicated to the project (i.e.  few staff changes).
24801	Keeps supplier staff turnover low during the project.
24802	Replaces any leaving supplier staff with someone more qualified or with equivalent expertise.
24803	Provides necessary information to you (supplier) to do the job.
24804	Transfers business know-how to you (supplier).
24805	Transfers knowledge to your (supplier’s) staff.
24806	Responds promptly whenever you (supplier) need information.
24807	Provides fast turnaround to your (supplier’s) requests.
24808	Responds beyond call of duty to urgent requests.
24812	Using --- improves my ability to make good decisions.
24813	--- allows me to get my work done more quickly.
24814	Using --- enhances my effectiveness on the job.
24815	--- is easy to use.
24816	it is easy to get --- to do what I want it to do.
24817	--- is easy to operate.
24818	Using --- is: not enjoyable - very enjoyable.
24819	Overall  using --- is a: unpleasant - pleasant experience.
24820	My attitude toward using --- is: very unfavorable - very favorable.
24821	The team is dealing with a nonroutine problem.
24822	The team is using a nonroutine process to address the problem.
24823	The team is addressing questions that have never been asked in quite that form before.
24824	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily know who contributed a piece of knowledge to the team repository.
24825	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily find specific entries in repositories that have been contributed by specific individuals.
24826	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily link my team’s repository with other knowledge sources and applications.
24827	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily identify historical connections between entries.
24828	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily allow different people to find summaries as well as details in the repository.
24829	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily interweave notes  chat  e-mail  and documents in the repository.
24830	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily know rationale behind the decisions made by team members so that decisions and rationale can be revisited later.
24831	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily label an entry with multiple key words it pertains to.
24832	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily view annotations and comments on knowledge in team’s repository made by other team members.
24833	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to be informed when knowledge in repository changes.
24834	The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily change identifiers on knowledge in repository as team’s ideas evolve over time.
24835	Most people on this team are basically honest and can be trusted.
24836	Team members in my distributed team are always interested only in their own welfare.
24837	Members in this team are always trustworthy.
24838	In this team  one has to be alert or someone is likely to take advantage of you.
24839	Team members in my distributed team are willing to help if you need it.
24840	Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to streamline the team’s internal processes.
24841	Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to reduce redundancy of information and knowledge in the team.
24842	Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to coordinate the efforts of everyone on the team.
24843	Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to rapidly implement new team ideas.
24844	How knowledgeable is the person who wrote this message  on the topic of the message?
24845	To what extent is the person who wrote this message an expert on the message topic?
24846	How trustworthy is the person who wrote this message  on the topic of the message?
24847	How reliable is the person who wrote this message  on the topic of the message?
24848	How involved are you in the topic of this e-mail?
24849	How much has the issue discussed in this e-mail been on your mind lately?
24850	How informed are you on the subject matter of this issue?
24851	To what extent are you an expert on the topic of this e-mail?
24852	The information in this e-mail is: complete - incomplete.
24853	The information in this e-mail is: consistent - inconsistent.
24854	The information in this e-mail is: accurate - inaccurate.
24855	The information in this e-mail is: valuable - worthless.
24856	The information in this e-mail is: informative - uninformative.
24857	The information in this e-mail is: helpful - harmful.
24858	Have you acted on the content of this e-mail?
24859	How closely did you follow its suggestions?
24860	To what extent does the content of the e-mail motivate you to take action?
24861	To what extent do you agree with the action suggested in the message?
24862	I don’t like to have to  do a lot of thinking.
24863	I try to avoid situations  that require thinking in-depth about something.
24864	I prefer to do something that challenges my thinking abilities rather than something that requires little thought.
24865	I prefer complex problems to simple problems.
24866	Thinking hard and for a long time  about something gives me little satisfaction.
24867	My past experience in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace was positive.
24868	In general  I have been satisfied with the sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace.
24869	Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace did a good job in the past.
24870	On average  please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of competitive pricing.
24871	On average  please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of timeliness of product delivery.
24872	On average  please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of offering high quality products.
24873	In general  sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions have failed to meet their contractual obligations to me during our transactions.
24874	In general  sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions have done a good job of meeting their contractual obligations to me during our transactions.
24875	In general  sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions have fulfilled the most important contractual obligations to me during our transactions.
24876	Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general reliable.
24877	Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general competent.
24878	Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general honest.
24879	Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general trustworthy.
24880	Given the chance  I predict that I would consider bidding for products from sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions in the near future.
24881	Given the opportunity  I intend to place a bid in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions.
24882	There is a considerable risk involved in participating in Amazon/eBay auctions.
24883	There is a high potential for loss involved in participating in Amazon/eBay auctions.
24884	My decision to participate in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions is risky.
24885	I feel confident that Amazon’s/eBay’s feedback mechanism gives accurate information about the auction sellers’ reputation.
24886	I believe that the feedback mechanism in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions is effective.
24887	The escrow service in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace guarantees that I will get what I pay for.
24888	The escrow service in Amazon’s eBay’s auction marketplace protects me from an inappropriate behavior of sellers.
24889	I believe my credit-card company will protect me in case of problematic transactions with sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions.
24890	I am confident that my credit card payments are safe in case of disputed purchases from sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions.
24891	As an auction host/intermediary  Amazon/eBay can be trusted at all times.
24892	As an auction host/intermediary  Amazon/eBay has high integrity.
24893	Amazon/eBay is a competent and knowledgeable auction host/intermediary.
24894	I usually trust sellers unless they give me a reason not to trust them.
24895	My typical approach is to trust sellers until they prove I should not trust them.
24896	I intent to use --- as a routine part of my job over the next year.
24897	I intent to use --- at every opportunity over the next year.
24898	I plan to increase my use of --- over the next year.
24899	Overall the information I get from --- is very satisfying.
24900	I am very satisfied with the information I receive from --- .
24901	All things considered  I am very satisfied with --- .
24902	Overall  my interaction with --- is very satisfying.
24903	In terms of system quality  I would rate --- highly.
24904	Overall  --- is of high quality.
24905	Overall  I would give the quality of --- a high rating.
24906	--- allows information to be readily accessible to me.
24907	--- makes information very accessible.
24908	--- makes information easy to access.
24909	It takes too long for --- to respond to my requests.
24910	--- provides information in a timely fashion.
24911	--- returns answers to my requests quickly.
24912	--- can be adapted to meet a variety of needs.
24913	--- can flexibly adjust to new demands or conditions.
24914	--- is versatile in addressing needs as they arise.
24915	--- effectively integrates data from different areas of the company.
24916	--- pulls together information that used to come from different places in the company.
24917	--- effectively combines data from different areas of the company.
24918	Overall  I would give the information from --- high marks.
24919	Overall  I would give the information provided by --- a high rating in terms of quality.
24920	In general  --- provides me with high quality information.
24921	--- produces correct information.
24922	There are few errors in the information I obtain from ---
24923	The information provided by --- is accurate.
24927	--- operates reliably.
24928	--- performs reliably.
24929	The operation of --- is dependable.
24930	--- provides me with the most recent information.
24931	--- produces the most current information.
24932	The information from --- is always up to date.
24933	--- provides me with a complete set of information.
24934	--- produces comprehensive information.
24935	--- provides me with all the information I need.
24936	The information provided by --- is well formatted.
24937	The information provided by --- well laid out.
24938	The information provided by --- is clearly presented on the screen.
24939	My attention was focused – my attention was not focused.
24940	I was absorbed intensely – not absorbed intensely.
24941	I was deeply engrossed – not deeply engrossed.
24942	I concentrated fully – I did not concentrate fully.
24943	I would dislike -  like using a website built on this model to perform similar shopping activities.
24944	Using a website built on this model to perform similar shopping activities would be pleasant – unpleasant.
24953	During the past week  how often did you make use of a printer in your job?
24954	During the past week  how often did you make use of a computer in your job?
24955	During the past week  how often did you make use of electronic mail in your job?
24956	During the past week  how often did you make use of a text processor application program such as Word or WordPerfect in your job?
24957	During the past week  how often did you make use of a spreadsheet application program such as Excel in your job?
24958	During the past week  how often did you make use of  the Internet using a browser such as Netscape Navigator or a file transfer program such as Fetch in your job?
24959	During the past week  how often did you make use of a presentation application system such as PowerPoint or PageMaker in your job?
24960	During the past week  how often did you make use of a special purpose application system (e.g.  for participant records  case tracking  or development) in your job?
24961	During the past week  how often did you make use of a database application program such as Access in your job?
24962	Before this year  how would you have rated your computer skills?
24963	Over the past year  how much training have you had in an introduction to computer systems?
24964	Over the past year  how much training have you had in Windows?
24965	Over the past year  how much training have you had in files and directories?
24966	Over the past year  how much training have you had in a word processor application program such as Word or WordPerfect?
24967	Over the past year  how much training have you had in a spreadsheet application program such as Excel?
24968	Over the past year  how much training have you had in a special purpose application system (e.g.  for participant records  case tracking  or development)?
24969	Over the past year  how much training have you had in the local area network?
24970	Over the past year  how much training have you had in the Internet and the Netscape Navigator browser?
24971	Overall  how effective would you rate the training you received in computer systems and applications here?
24972	I could complete the job using the software if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go along.
24973	I could complete the job using the software if I had seen someone else using it  before trying it myself.
24974	I could complete the job using the software if I could call someone for help if  I got stuck.
24975	I could complete the job using the software if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which it is used.
24976	Having a computer available to me would/does improve my productivity.
24977	I can think of many ways that I could use a computer.
24978	Using a computer would/does allow me to get a better picture of the facts and figures.
24979	Using a computer would/does give me a lot of satisfaction.
24980	Using a computer would/does probably save me time and work.
24985	Our company has made significant investments in resources dedicated to the relationship with the customer.
24986	Our operating process has been tailored to meet the requirements of dealing with the customer.
24987	The procedures and routines we have developed as part of our relationship  with the customer are tailored to their particular situation.
24988	Training our people to deal with the customer has involved substantial commitments of time and money.
24990	The customer and our company have a high level of mutual trust.
24991	The customer is well known for fair dealing.
24992	The customer stands by its word.
24993	We can accurately predict the prices of the product(s) that will be supplied to the customer for the next year.
24994	We can accurately predict the technological requirements (specifications) of the product(s) that will be supplied to the customer for the next year.
24995	We can accurately predict the sales volume of the product(s) that will be supplied to the customer for the next year.
24996	Our company helps out the customer in whatever ways they ask.
24997	The customer helps our company out in whatever ways we ask.
24998	Overall  our relationship with the customer is cooperative.
24999	The customer has influenced our decision to use EDI for business transactions with them.
25000	The customer  rather than our company  was the main force behind our company's use of EDI with the customer.
25001	The customer has invested relatively large resources in providing us with education on EDI.
25002	The customer has invested relatively large resources in providing us with initial support in developing EDI linkage with them.
25003	The customer has invested relatively large resources in helping us exchange trading documents using EDI with them.
25004	Using EDI reduces order response time.
25005	Using EDI cuts costs in operations.
25006	Using EDI provides timely and accurate information for decision making
25007	Using EDI facilitates better inventory control.
25008	Using EDI aids in service differentiation.
25009	Using EDI helps generate competitive advantage.
25010	A good telecommunication infrastructure is available in our company.
25011	We use database-oriented applications regularly in our daily operations.
25012	We have integrated IS applications encompassing different functional areas.
25049	Using [the system] would improve my work performance.
25050	Using [the system] in my work would enable me to accomplish my tasks more quickly.
25051	I would find [the system] useful in my work.
25052	Using [the system] in my work would increase my productivity.
25053	Using [the system] would enhance my effectiveness at work.
25054	Using [the system] would make it easier to do my work.
25060	Learning to use [the system] for performance-based activities is easy for me.
25061	I find [the system] flexible to interact in performing work-related tasks and activities.
25062	I find it easy to get [the system] to do what I want to do in performing work-related activities.
25063	It is easy for me to become skillful at using [the system] in work-related activities.
25064	I find [the system] easy to use at work.
25065	My interaction with [the system] at work is clear and understandable.
25073	All things considered  my use of [the system] is a: wise - foolish idea.
25074	All things considered  my use of [the system] is a: negative - positive idea.
25075	All things considered  my use of [the system] is a: harmful - beneficial idea.
25076	All things considered  my use of [the system] is a: good - bad idea.
25077	I intend to use [the system] for communicating with others in the context of my work.
25078	I intend to use [the system] frequently in doing performance-based activities at work.
25079	I intend to use [the system] in doing performance-based activities at work.
25080	I intend to use [the system] for coordinating and collaborating in performance-based activities.
25081	The reason I prefer use of [the system] is because of what its use stands for.
25082	I like using [the system] primarily based on similarity of my values and what its use stands for.
25083	What the use of [the system] stands for is important for me.
25084	I am proud about using [the system].
25085	I talk up the use of [the system] to my colleagues as having great utility for me.
25086	I feel a sense of  ownership  for the use of [the system].
25087	Unless I am rewarded for using [the system]  I see no reason to spend extra effort in using it.
25088	How hard I work on using [the system] is directly linked to how much I am rewarded.
25089	My private views about the use of [the system] are different than those I express publicly.
25090	In order for me to get rewarded in my job  it is necessary to use [the system].
25113	My job tends to directly affect my health.
25114	I work under a great deal of tension.
25115	I have felt fidgety or nervous as a result of my job.
25116	If I had a different job  my health would probably improve.
25117	Problems associated with my job have kept me awake at night.
25118	I have felt nervous before attending meetings in the company.
25119	I often  take the job home with me .
25120	I often suffer from acid indigestion or heartburn.
25121	I sometimes feel weak all over.
25122	I have had trouble getting to sleep or staying asleep.
25123	I get irritated or annoyed over the way things are going.
25124	I may now have an ulcer  but I am not sure of it.
25125	I would consider myself in good or excellent health.
25126	I would consider myself in fair health.
25127	I do not have very good health.
25128	I wake up with stiffness or aching in joints or muscles.
25129	I seem to tire easily.
25130	Generally speaking  I am very satisfied with this job.
25131	I frequently think of quitting this job.
25132	I am generally satisfied with the kind of work I do in this job.
25133	Most people on this job are very satisfied with the job.
25134	People on this job often think of quitting.
25135	There are good promotion opportunities for advancement at my firm.
25136	There is a good chance for promotion at my firm.
25137	Opportunities are somewhat limited at my firm.
25138	My job is a dead-end job.
25139	Promotions are based on ability at my firm.
25140	My firm has an unfair promotion policy.
25141	My work is satisfying.
25142	My work gives me a sense of accomplishment.
25143	My work is challenging.
25144	My work is boring.
25145	My work is good.
25146	My work is tiresome.
25147	Diplomacy - Being able to say  no  without being too blunt; displaying tact in dealing with others.
25148	Directing - Giving instructions and communicating user requirements to programming and support staff.
25149	Patience - Continually refining user requirements by requesting feedback; tolerating lack of computer literacy and specificity.
25150	Leadership - getting work done while keeping the team satisfied; effectively giving rewards and punishment.
25151	Programming - converting system specifications into effective and efficient computer code.
25152	Speaking - Presenting ideas in a manner easily understood by audience  both in group meetings and person to person.
25153	Listening - Paying attention to and concentrating on what is being said  and asking questions in order to refine points about which one is uncertain.
25154	Empathy - Being able to understand how others feel; accurately determining what someone else thinks about an issue.
25155	Sales/Persuasion - Promoting the system; persuading others to accept his or her viewpoint.
25156	Politics - Understanding what motivates individuals; determining sources of power and influence in an organization.
25157	Management - Planning  organizing  and controlling projects so that they get done on schedule and within budget.
25158	Training - Educating users and other nontechnical groups on the capabilities of computers and systems.
25159	Cooperation - Working with others productively; resolving conflict in an effective manner.
25160	Functional application knowledge - Sufficiently knowing what the user's functional application entails to accurately interpret what he or she really needs.
25161	Organizational communications - Having a broad view of company goals and operations; knowing the orientation of senior management.
25162	Analysis and design - Translating user requirements into functional systems specifications.
25163	Sensitivity - Being aware of the implications of design and change for the user community.
25199	We expect frequent changes in specifications for this product category.
25200	The probability of future technological improvements of this product category is high.
25201	We expect significant fluctuations in the daily (or monthly) volume requirements for the product category.
25202	We expect volume estimates for the product category to be uncertain.
25203	We and our suppliers pool our resources.
25204	The work goes (e.g.  product designs  raw materials  work-in-processes) back and forth between us and the suppliers.
25205	When we place an order to a supplier for the first time  it requires very little amount of effort for us to explain the attributes of the product to the supplier.
25206	When we place an order to a supplier for the first time  it requires very little amount of effort for the supplier to explain the proper usage procedure for this product.
25207	When we place an order to a supplier for the first time  it requires very little amount of effort for the supplier to explain the variety of uses of the product.
25208	We have to exchange a number of data items with the supplier in order to place an order.
25209	It takes a lot of time/effort for us to explain what we want from the supplier for this product.
25210	We transmit purchase orders to the supplier electronically.
25211	We make payments for the supplier's invoices electronically.
25212	We provide performance feedback such as the quality of products delivered electronically.
25213	We receive suppliers invoices electronically.
25214	We access the supplier's production schedule electronically.
25215	We access the supplier's shipping/delivery schedule electronically.
25216	We access the supplier's inventory levels of finished products electronically.
25217	We access the supplier's inventory levels of raw materials electronically.
25218	We use the data  electronically transferred from the supplier  in our business decisions.
25219	We can monitor the supplier's production capacities electronically.
25220	We can monitor the quality of products produced by the supplier electronically.
25221	This online store is trustworthy.
25222	This online store wants to he known as one who keeps promises and commitments.
25223	I trust this online store keeps my best interests in mind.
25224	I find it necessary to be cautious with this online store.
25225	This online store has more to lose than to gain by not delivering on its promises.
25226	This online store's behavior meets my expectations.
25227	This Web site is of high quality.
25228	The likely quality of this Web site is extremely high.
25229	This Web site must be of very good quality.
25230	This Web site appears to be of very poor quality.
25231	If I needed this book in the near future I would consider purchasing it from this online store.
25232	If I needed this book in the near future I would purchase it from this online store.
25233	If I needed this book in the near future I would expect to buy it from this online store.
25234	If I needed this book in the near future  If this book were competitively priced  I would consider buying it from this online store.
25235	If I needed this book in the near future  If this book were significantly less expensive at this online store than at a better-known online merchant  I would consider buying it from this online store.
25236	Ability to use software packages (e.g.. Excel. PowerPoint  etc.).
25237	Ability to access data with a computer (e.g.  data retrieval  queries  etc.).
25238	Ability to develop (design and implement) a database using a generalized database management system (e.g.. Access  DB2  etc.).
25239	Ability to handle data communications.
25240	Ability to use specific application systems (if trained  e.g.  in recording transactions).
25241	Ability lo use office automation systems (e.g.  electronic mail  voice mail  text editing  calendar management  etc.).
25242	Ability to use operating systems (e.g.  moving files around  making backups).
25243	Ability to write HTML code and maintain a Web site.
25244	Ability to use an HTML editor (e.g.  FrontPage  Dreamweaver. GoLive  etc.).
25245	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
25246	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had never used a package like it before.
25247	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had only the software manual for reference.
25248	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if 1 had seen someone else using it before trying it out myself.
25249	I could complete most  jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck
25250	I could complete most  jobs using an unfamiliar software package if someone else had helped me get started.
25251	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
25252	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package.
25253	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
25254	I could complete most  jobs using an unfamiliar software package if someone showed me how to do it first
25255	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
25256	How much time per week do you spend reading newspapers on the Web?
25257	How much time per week do you spend reading and/or posting messages to news groups?
25258	How much time per week do you spend accessing information on the Web about products and services you may buy?
25259	How much time per week do you spend shopping (i.e.  actually purchasing something) on the Web?
25260	I often use electronic mail.
25261	I often use a word processor (e.g.. Word).
25262	I often use a Web browser (e.g.. Explorer. Netscape).
25263	I often use the Web to gather information about products or services.
25264	I have purchased books over the Web.
25265	I often purchase products or services over the Web.
25266	I often access the Web to conduct research for my course work.
25267	I have access to a major credit card that I can use to make purchases.
25268	I have convenient access to a computer that I can use to access the Web.
25269	I often am required to submit my assignments and school work using the Web.
25270	I have used Web-enabled applications in my course work (e.g.  Courseweb  Lotus Notes  instructor-designed Web site).
25271	I would feel safe completing commercial transactions over the Internet.
25272	There is too much uncertainty associated with shopping on the Internet.
25273	Compared with other ways of shopping  buying on the Internet would be more risky.
25274	How would you characterize the decision of whether to buy a product from this Web retailer?
25275	How would you characterize the decision of whether to buy a product from  this Web retailer?
25276	How would you characterize the decision to buy a product from this Web  retailer?
25277	In general  people really do care about the well-being of others.
25278	The typical person is sincerely concerned about the problems of others.
25279	Most of the time  people care enough to try to be helpful  rather than just looking out for themselves.
25280	In general  most folks keep their promises.
25281	I think people generaiiy try to back up their words with their actions.
25282	Most people are honest in their dealings with others.
25283	I believe that most professional people do a very good job at their work.
25284	Most professionals are very knowledgeable in their chosen field.
25285	A large majority of professional people are competent in their area of expertise.
25286	I usually trust people until they give me a reason not to trust them.
25287	I generally give people the benefit of the doubt when I first meet them.
25288	My typical approach is to trust new acquaintances until they prove I should not trust them.
25289	People are usually out for their own good.
25290	People pretend to care more about one another than they really do.
25291	Most people inwardly dislike putting themselves out to help other people.
25292	Most people would tell a lie if they could gain by it.
25293	People do not always hold to the standard of honesty they claim.
25294	Most people would cheat on their income tax if they thought they could get away with it.
25295	We will have confidence in one another on this team.
25296	I will be able to rely on those I work with in this team.
25297	There will be a noticeable lack of confidence among those I will work with.
25298	Overall  the people will be very trustworthy.
25299	We will usually be considerate of one another’s feelings in this team.
25300	The people in my team will be friendly.
25301	I feel that I am a part of the team.
25302	My team works together better than most teams on which I have worked.
25303	My teammates and I help each other better than most other teams on which I have worked.
25304	My teammates and I get along better than most other teams on which I have worked.
25309	I feel comfortable depending on my team members for the completion of the project.
25310	I feel that I will not be able to count on my team members to help me.
25311	I am comfortable letting other team members take responsibility for tasks which are critical to the project  even when I cannot monitor them.
25312	I feel that I can trust my team members completely.
25313	I feel that I am a part of the team.
25314	My team works together better than most teams on which I have worked.
25315	My teammates and I help each other better than most other teams on which I have worked.
25316	My teammates and I get along better than most other teams on which I have worked.
25317	How satisfied were you with your team’s process?
25318	How satisfied were you with the outcome of your team’s project?
25319	How satisfied were you with the other members in your team?
25320	Overall  how satisfied were you with participating in this global virtual team collaboration?
25321	The business plan my team developed will earn a high grade from my professor in this course.
25322	The business plan my team developed would convince a banker or venture capitalist to finance our new consulting firm.
25323	The business plan my team developed would convince experienced consultants to join our new consulting firm.
25324	The business plan my team developed would convince prospective clients to hire our new consulting firm.
25325	I find this task interesting and enjoyable.
25326	I do not realize the time elapsed when performing this task.
25327	Learning to perform this task was easy for me.
25328	I find it easy to perform this task.
25329	I find it cumbersome to perform this task.
25330	Overall  I find this task to be useful.
25331	This task enhances my effectiveness.
25332	This task enhances my productivity.
25333	I feel secure to perform this task on the handheld computer.
25334	There is feedback indicating the information is protected.
25335	Playing games.
25336	While using the Decision Aid  I am able to block out most other distractions.
25337	While using the Decision Aid  I am absorbed in what I am doing.
25338	With the Decision Aid  I am immersed in the task that I am performing.
25339	With the Decision Aid  I get distracted by other attentions very easily.
25340	With the Decision Aid  my attention does not get diverted very easily.
25341	How spontaneous would you characterize yourself when you use computers?
25342	How flexible would you characterize yourself when you use computers?
25343	How creative would you characterize yourself when you use computers?
25344	How playful would you characterize yourself when you use computers?
25345	I am satisfied with the Decision Aid.
25346	I am pleased with the Decision Aid.
25347	I am content with the Decision Aid.
25348	I understand how to use the features in the Decision Aid.
25349	I  have a good grasp of the functionality provided by the Decision Aid.
25350	I can easily recall the functionality provided by the Decision Aid.
25351	It is easy for me to remember how to use the Decision Aid.
25352	I am willing to select a challenging work assignment that I can learn a lot from.
25353	I enjoy challenging and difficult tasks at work where I will learn new skills.
25354	I often look for opportunities to develop new skills and knowledge.
25355	It takes a lot of concentration  focus  and effort to perform well in this job.
25356	My work is actually quite easy.
25357	My job is intellectually very demanding.
25358	Challenging  would be a good way to describe my job.
25359	I have too much work and too little time to do it.
25360	I find this organization a relaxed place to work.
25361	I often have to deal with work-related problems in my off hours.
25362	I feel like I never have a day off.
25363	Many employees at my level get  burned out  by the demands of their jobs in this organization.
25364	I am a cautious person who generally avoids risk.
25365	I am very willing to take risks when choosing a job or project to work on.
25366	I usually play it safe  even if it means occasionally losing out on a good opportunity.
25367	I frequently discuss problems with people at my organization when I need to improve my knowledge on a topic or issue related to work.
25368	I rarely discuss work problems with other employees to acquire work-related knowledge.
25369	When I am working on a difficult problem  I often communicate with employees who may have encountered similar issues.
25370	When I am working on a work-related problem  I often refer to documents outside the KM system.
25371	I often obtain useful knowledge for solving work problems by reading documents  other than articles in the KM system.
25372	I rarely read documents other than KM system articles to increase my knowledge on topics or issues related to work.
25373	I rarely use the KM system as a way of acquiring knowledge.
25374	I frequently check in the KM system when I need to improve my knowledge on a topic or issue.
25375	When I am working on a challenging problem  I often look in the KM system to find solutions to similar problems.
25376	The KM system has been easy for me to learn.
25377	I find it easy to get the KM system to do what i want it to do.
25378	The method of interacting with the KM system is clear.
25379	I find the KM system flexible to work with.
25380	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the KM system.
25381	Overall  I find the KM system easy to use.
25382	I was totally immersed in addressing this problem.
25383	I took this task seriously.
25384	I put in a lot of effort.
25385	I wanted to do as good a job as possible no matter how much effort it took.
25386	The DSS gave clear guidance on how I could do better.
25387	I would definitely recommend a DSS like the one I had available to direct marketers.
25388	I am in full agreement with the ratings I gave.
25389	I am confident that the ratings I gave will work out well.
25390	What is the amount of IT outsourcing as a percentage of the total IT budget?
25391	Standard contracts: Your firm signed the service provider’s standard  off-the-shelf contract.
25392	Detailed contracts: The contract included special clauses for service scope  service levels  performance measures  and penalties.
25393	Loose contracts: The contract did not provide comprehensive performance but specified the service providers’ performance as “whatever the customer was doing in the baseline year” for the next 5 to 10 years at 10% to 30% less than the customer’s baseline budget.
25394	Mixed contracts: For the first few years  requirements of the contract were fully specified (detailed contract)  but the technology and business requirements in the long run were not defined (loose contract).
25395	Partnership: The relationship involved significant resources of your and your service provider(s) to create  add to  or maximize joint value. Also  the contract included an agreement to furnish a part of the capital and labor for a business enterprise  and each shares in benefits and risks.
25396	Buy-in contracts: Your firm bought some resources to supplement in-house capabilities  but the resources were managed by in-house business and IT management.
25397	How many years did you make the contract with your service provider?
25407	The tools provided by the site allow me to track where and how much money is being spent.
25408	The tools provided by the site allow me to get reports on my financial transactions with the company.
25409	The tools provided by the site allow me to get a detailed history of the goods I ordered from this website.
25410	The tools provided by the site allow me to provide feedback to the company.
25411	The tools provided by the site allow me to communicate with the company.
25412	The tools provided by the site allow me to provide my evaluation of the product to the company.
25413	The tools provided by the site provide information that helps me keep the product in good working order.
25414	The tools provided by the site help me repair a product.
25415	The tools provided by the site help me do maintenance on the product.
25416	The tools provided by the site help me control the use of my product.
25417	The tools provided by the site help me monitor how  I am using the product.
25418	The tools provided by the site help me as a customer track ongoing usage.
25419	The tools provided by the site ensure I get the product.
25420	The tools provided by the site allow me to obtain the product
25421	The tools provided by the site ensure satisfactory delivery.
25422	The tools provided by the site ensure simple delivery.
25423	The tools provided by the site facilitates the ordering process.
25424	The tools provided by the site allow me to effectively conduct a buying transaction online.
25425	The tools provided by the site has all of the functions needed to order a product.
25426	The tools provided by the site provide the necessary functions to make a payment.
25427	The tools provided by the site provide multiple options of how to pay.
25428	The tools provided by the site help me replace a product.
25429	The tools provided by the site help me replace my product if I need another product.
25430	The tools provided by the site allow me to find where to get a replacement product if mine is not working.
25431	The tools provided by the site allow me to return or get rid of a product by using the tools online.
25432	The tools provided by the site include features that aid in my return (or disposal) of a purchased product.
25433	The tools provided by the site help me find an online merchant for the product.
25434	The tools provided by the site make it easy for me to find an online store to obtain the product.
25435	The tools provided by the site allow  me to find out who sells the product.
25436	The tools provided by the site help me to establish my product requirements.
25437	The tools provided by the site help me in determining my product needs.
25438	The tools provided by the site help me better figure out my product requirements.
25439	The tools provided by the site help me determine the attributes of the product I intend to buy.
25440	The tools provided by the site aid me in identifying which product attributes best fit my needs.
25441	The tools provided by the site let me specify the product features that I want.
25442	The tools provided by the site allow me to verify the acceptability of a product before I use it.
25443	The tools provided by the site provide me with enough information to determine the quality of the product before buying.
25444	The tools provided by the site  show me how to use the product.
25445	The tools provided by the site help me use a product to its fullest extent.
25446	The tools provided by the site allow me to upgrade a product.
25447	The tools provided by the site let me upgrade the product and know if my requirements change.
25448	The tools provided by the site inform me when improvements to the product are available
25449	I would consider using the site for future purchases.
25450	I have no desire to buy from the website.
25451	How likely is it that you will visit the website again in the future?
25452	Using the site enabled me to shop more quickly.
25453	In my opinion  using the site increased my shopping effectiveness.
25454	Overall  the site was useful for shopping.
25455	Overall  how do you feel about the website that you identified: dissatisfied - satisfied.
25456	Overall  how do you feel about the website that you identified: terrible - delighted.
25457	Overall  how do you feel about the website that you identified: frustrated - contented.
25458	Overall  how do you feel about the website that you identified: displeased - pleased.
25459	I felt confident about the online purchase decision.
25460	I think that the site can address the special needs of each customer.
25461	I believe that the online shopping website was reliable.
25462	I believe that what I asked for was what I got from the website.
25463	I believe the online store was responsive to my needs.
25464	The company has an up-to-date website.
25465	The website is visually appealing.
25466	The site is neat in appearance.
25467	The appearance of the site is in keeping with the services it provides.
25482	Business processes that are most closely associated with this outsourced IS activity are likely to remain fairly stable in the short term.
25483	Information technologies that are most closely associated with this outsourced IS activity are likely to remain fairly stable in the short term.
25484	Performing this outsourced IS activity is likely to remain fairly predictable in the short term.
25486	This activity creates a competitive advantage for our organization.
25491	This activity is synergistic with other capabilities of our organization.
25492	This activity constitutes a core competency for our organization.
25493	The client team clearly grasps the fundamentals of IT as they relate to its business.
25494	The client team members frequently update their technical skills.
25495	Overall IT capabilities of the client team are excellent.
25496	The client team has strong relationship management capabilities.
25497	The client team has the skill set essential to managing interorganizational relationships.
25498	The client team has the capability to effectively manage this outsourcing arrangement with this vendor.
25499	The client initiates frequent meetings or conference calls with the vendor team to discuss the project status  issues  and resolutions.
25500	The client assesses the performance of the vendor team during the meetings or the conference calls.
25501	During the meetings or the conference calls  the client provides significant feedback to the vendor team regarding their performance.
25502	The client assesses the extent to which the vendor team follows the project plan.
25504	Performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent  in part  on the extent to which the vendor team follows the project plan.
25505	The client team assesses the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports.
25506	The client team provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports.
25507	Performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent  in part  on the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports.
25508	The client assesses the extent to which the vendor team meets the requirements specified by the client.
25509	The client provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team meets the client requirements as specified in the requirement documentation.
25511	The client routinely conducts testing on system components delivered by the vendor team.
25512	The client provides feedback to the vendor team on the results of system testing.
25513	Performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent  in part  on the extent to which the system testing is successful.
25514	Client team members frequently walk around the project sites to informally gather first-hand information about the tasks  activities  progress  and issues in this outsourcing arrangement.
25515	During unscheduled and informal interactions with the vendor team around the office  client team members provide significant feedback to the vendor teams.
25516	Client team members influence the tasks and activities of the vendor team during unscheduled and informal interactions around the office.
25517	The vendor team is honest and truthful.
25518	This is a trustworthy vendor.
25519	The vendor team is interested in the client team’s well-being  not just their own.
25520	The vendor team is very knowledgeable about information systems and technology.
25521	If the client team required help  the vendor team would do its best to help.
25522	The vendor team is a capable and proficient provider of IS outsourcing services.
25559	Supplier search.
25560	Evaluate product catalog/specifications.
25561	RFI/RFP/RFQ (request for quotation).
25562	Pricing and negotiation.
25563	Purchase order.
25564	Engineering documents.
25565	Demand forecast.
25566	Delivery schedule.
25567	Inventory management.
25568	Shipping/logistics management.
25569	Payment.
25570	Supplier search.
25571	Evaluate product catalog/specifications.
25572	RFI/RFP/RFQ (request for quotation).
25573	Pricing and negotiation.
25574	Purchase order.
25575	Engineering documents.
25576	Demand forecast.
25577	Delivery schedule.
25578	Inventory management.
25579	Shipping/logistics management.
25580	Payment.
25581	Supplier search.
25582	Evaluate product catalog/specifications.
25583	RFI/RFP/RFQ (request for quotation).
25584	Pricing and negotiation.
25585	Purchase order.
25586	Engineering documents.
25587	Demand forecast.
25588	Delivery schedule.
25589	Inventory management.
25590	Shipping/logistics management.
25591	Payment.
25592	Supplier search.
25593	Evaluate product catalog/specifications.
25594	RFI/RFP/RFQ (request for quotation).
25595	Pricing and negotiation.
25596	Purchase order.
25597	Engineering documents.
25598	Demand forecast.
25599	Delivery schedule.
25600	Inventory management.
25601	Shipping/logistics management.
25602	Payment.
25603	Reduced ordering costs.
25604	Reduced order cycle time.
25605	Improved inventory turnover.
25606	Helped us get better prices on the procured products.
25607	Improved coordination with the suppliers.
25608	Provided better information for decision making.
25609	Amount of technical and other product information that needs to be provided for the supplier to understand our needs.
25610	Familiarity of product's specifications to most suppliers.
25611	Extensive customization of the product to meet our requirements.
25612	Frequent occurrence of major product innovations in the product.
25613	Frequent changes to the product's design/functionality.
25614	Frequent changes made by the supplier to the product's specifications.
25615	There is significant uncertainty in our demand for this product.
25616	Demand forecasts in terms of volume and timing are not accurate.
25617	Stock-out of this product will create major disruptions to operations.
25618	This product is critical to our operations.
25619	This product's quality has a significant effect on the performance of the end product.
25620	There is significant price variation among suppliers of this product.
25621	There is considerable variation in quality/service among suppliers.
25622	Over time  the price of this product fluctuates widely.
25623	Over time  the availability of this product fluctuates widely.
25624	Our firm has provided tooling  warehouses  or other special equipment/facilities to this product supplier.
25625	Our firm has modified product design to tailor it to supplier needs.
25626	Our firm has made a major investment in time and effort to develop/leam business practices to meet supplier's needs.
25627	This supplier has reserved a portion of its manufacturing/distribution capacity to meet our demand.
25628	This supplier has invested in information systems  tooling  warehouses  or other special equipment/facilities to meet our needs.
25629	This supplier has recruited people with specific manufacturing/design skills and expertise to meet our requirements.
25630	We believe in honesty and accuracy of deadlines set by this supplier.
25631	This supplier delivers on the promises made to us.
25632	This supplier is honest in all business dealings.
25633	This supplier is willing to share information with us.
25634	This supplier honors all agreements with us.
25635	This supplier exhibits consistency in business dealings with us.
25642	Our IS staff has very good technical knowledge; they are one of the best technical groups an IS department could have.
25643	Our IS staff has the ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies as they become available.
25644	Our IS staff has the skills and knowledge to manage IT projects in the current business environment.
25645	Our IS staff has the ability to work closely with customers and maintain productive user or client relationships.
25646	Our IS staff has excellent business knowledge; they have a deep understanding of the business priorities and goals of our organization.
25647	Our IS staff  understands our firm’s technologies and business processes very well.
25648	Our IS staff understands our firm’s procedures and policies very well.
25649	Our IS staff is aware of the core beliefs and value of our organization.
25650	Our IS staff often does not know who are responsible for important tasks in this organization.
25651	Our IS staff is conversant with the routines and methods used in the IS department.
25652	The technology infrastructure needed to electronically link our business units is present and in place today.
25653	The technology infrastructure needed to electronically link our firm with external business partners (ie: key customers  suppliers  alliances) is present and in place today.
25654	The technology infrastructure needed for current business operations is present and in place today.
25655	The capacity of our network infrastructure adequately meets our current business needs.
25656	The speed of our network infrastructure adequately meets our current business needs.
25657	Corporate data is currently sharable across business units and organizational boundaries.
25658	The complexity of our current application systems seriously restricts our ability to develop modular systems with reusable software components.
25659	Our application systems are very modular  most program modules can be easily reused in other business applications.
25660	We have standardized the various components of our technology infrastructure (i.e.: hardware  OS  network  database).
25661	Critical information and knowledge that affect IT projects are shared freely between our business units and IS department.
25662	Our IS department and business units understand the working environment of each other very well.
25663	There is a high degree of trust between our IS department and business units.
25664	The goals and plans for IT projects are jointly developed by both the IS department and business units.
25665	Conflicts between IS departments and business units are rare and few in our organization.
25666	We seldom have conflicts with our IT vendors and service providers.
25667	We get timely information from our vendors about unexpected problems that could affect their ability to meet our technology needs.
25668	We can rely on our IT vendors and service providers to respond to our IT needs in a timely and effective manner.
25669	A very trusting relationship exists between the IS department and our key IT vendors and service providers.
25670	We have long term partnerships with our key IT vendors and service providers.
25671	Business units’ participation in the IS planning process is very high.
25672	IS planning is initiated by senior management; senior management participation in IS planning is very high.
25673	We have a formalized methodology for IS planning.
25674	Our planning methodology has many guidelines to ensure that critical business  organizational  and technological issues are addressed in evolving an IS plan.
25675	Our systems development process can be easily adapted to different types of development projects.
25676	The systems development process is continuosly improved using formal measurement and feedback systems.
25677	Our systems development process has adequate controls to achieve development outcomes in a predictable manner.
25678	Our systems development process is flexible to allow quick infusion of new development methodology  tools  and techniques.
25679	Our systems development process facilitates reuse of software assets such as programs  design and requirement specifications.
25680	We have a mature systems development process  the process is well defined and documented.
25681	We have clear guidelines on how to prioritize service requests from users.
25682	We have well-defined service quality criteria for all IS support tasks.
25683	We have established service level agreements with all user groups for IS support.
25684	We have appropriate performance standards to monitor IS service quality.
25685	We have sophisticated systems to record  track and respond to service requests.
25686	We have automated most systems operation tasks; very little manual intervention is required to run our computer systems.
25687	We use automated tools to monitor and fine-tune the performance of our computer systems  networks  databases  and telecommunication infrastructure.
25688	We have detailed procedures for responding to unplanned system outages.
25689	Backup procedures are strictly enforced in all our data centers.
25690	We periodically do mock trials to test our disaster recovery plans.
25691	We continuously review our security systems and procedures to assess our vulnerability.
25692	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Providing necessary information to customers.
25693	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Identifying groups of customers whose needs are not being met.
25694	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Determining customer requirements (ie: products  preference  pricing  and quantity).
25695	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Tailoring the products/services to match customers’ needs.
25696	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Reengineering business processes.
25697	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Enhancing business process flexibility.
25698	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Integrating  the firm’s supply chain.
25699	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Integrating internal business units.
25700	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Increasing the speed of logistic activities.
25701	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Developing new products/services.
25702	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Improving the speed of product development.
25703	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Increasing the speed of products/service delivery.
25704	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Increasing the speed of responding to business opportunities/threats.
25705	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Identifying new market segments.
25706	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Redifining the scope of our business.
25707	The extent of use of IT including the Internet and World Wide Web in: Entering new markets.
25724	Our productivity has exceeded that of our competitors.
25725	Our profit has exceeded that of our competitors.
25726	Our financial performance has been outstanding.
25727	Our financial performance has exceeded that of our competitors.
25728	The team would never misuse the entrusted data.
25729	It is important for the team to support the members as well as possible.
25730	The team acts on behalf of the members.
25731	I have the impression that the team strives to react as fast as  possible to the needs of the members.
25732	The team supervising krebsgemeinschaft.de is capable of selecting the right information for our needs.
25733	The team of krebsgemeinschaft.de is trustworthy.
25734	The team would never misuse the entrusted data.
25735	The team has enough experience to operate krebsgemeinschaft.de.
25736	It is important for the team to support the members as well as possible.
25737	The team has enough expertise for providing information on cancer.
25738	The team acts on behalf of the members.
25739	I find the provided information accurate.
25740	I have the impression that the team strives to react as fast as possible to the needs of the members.
25741	From time to time I do have the impression that the team is not capable of answering my cancer-related questions well.
25742	The other members of krebsgemeinschaft.de are familiar with the topics they discuss.
25743	The other members are trustworthy.
25744	Not all information provided by the other members is always correct.
25745	The members mean a lot to each other.
25746	The experiences of the other members help me to cope with my own problems.
25747	The members of krebsgemeinschaft.de would never consciously give me wrong information.
25748	The other members always know what I am speaking of.
25749	It is probable that I will follow the advice of other members.
25750	It is important for the members to support each other as well as possible.
25751	The other members of krebsgemeinschaft.de strive to give me honest answers.
25752	I am forced by this technology to do more work than I can handle.
25753	I am forced by this technology to work with very tight time schedules.
25754	I am forced to change my work habits to adapt to new technologies.
25755	I have a higher workload because of increased technology complexity.
25756	I have to be in touch with my work even during my vacation due to this technology.
25757	I have to sacrifice my vacation and weekend time to keep current on new technologies.
25758	I feel my personal life is being invaded by this technology.
25759	I do not know enough about this technology to handle my job satisfactorily.
25760	I need a long time to understand and use new technologies.
25761	I do not find enough time to study and upgrade my technology skills.
25762	I find new recruits to this organization know more about computer technology than I do.
25763	I often find it too complex for me to understand and use new technologies.
25764	I feel constant threat to my job security due to new technologies.
25765	I have to constantly update my skills to avoid being replaced.
25766	I am threatened by coworkers with newer technology skills.
25767	I feel there is less sharing of knowledge among coworkers for fear of being replaced.
25768	There are always new developments in the technologies we use in our organization.
25769	There are constant changes in computer software in our organization.
25770	There are constant changes in computer hardware in our organization.
25771	There are frequent upgrades in computer networks in our organization.
25772	Our organization emphasizes teamwork in dealing with new technology-related problems.
25773	Our organization provides end-user training before the introduction of new technology.
25774	Our organization fosters a good relationship between IT department and end users.
25775	Our organization provides clear documentation to end users on using new technologies.
25776	Our end-user help desk is well staffed by knowledgeable individuals.
25777	Our end-user help desk is easily accessible.
25778	Our end-user help desk is responsive to end-user requests.
25779	Our end users are rewarded for using new technologies.
25780	Our end users are consulted before introduction of new technology.
25781	Our end users are involved in technology change and/or implementation.
25782	I like doing the things I do at work.
25783	I feel a sense of pride in doing my job.
25784	My job is enjoyable.
25785	I would be happy to spend the rest of my career in this organization.
25786	I enjoy discussing my organization with people outside it.
25787	I really feel as if this organization’s problems are my own.
25788	This organization has great deal of personal meaning for me.
25789	Too much of my life would be disrupted if I decided I want to leave my organization right now.
25790	Right now staying with my organization is a matter of necessity as much as desire.
25791	I believe that I have too few options to consider leaving this organization.
25792	It would be very hard for me to leave my organization right now even if I wanted to.
25793	We share procurement-related information electronically within our firm.
25794	Our firm has automated the ordering process for production goods (raw materials).
25795	We depend heavily on paper documents during the entire procurement process.
25796	Our procurement application is highly integrated with other applications (e.g.  inventory  logistics  manufacturing).
25797	Our production goods (raw materials) have a complex electronic or mechanical assembly of raw materials.
25798	Overall specifications for the production goods we procure are simple.
25799	A large number of our production goods are custom designed to our specifications.
25800	Our suppliers have computer systems in place to  quickly respond to our product inquiries.
25801	Our suppliers can electronically process business documents (e.g.  invoices  designs  POs).
25802	Our suppliers have computerized their order management process.
25803	Functionality improvements are very likely in our production goods.
25804	Major product innovations are very likely in the production goods we procure.
25805	Major manufacturing innovations are very likely in our production goods.
25806	Major price/performance ratio improvements are very likely in our production goods.
25807	Volume requirements for our production goods are predictable.
25808	Our volume estimates for production goods are reliable.
25809	Our firm experiences frequent over-stocking or under-stocking of production goods.
25815	I use this system (or application) to solve various problems.
25816	I use this system (or application) to exchange with other people.
25817	I use this system (or application) to plan or follow up on my tasks.
25818	I use this system (or application) to coordinate activities with others.
25819	I use this system (or application) to serve customers.
25820	How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system’s functionalities?
25821	How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system’s interface?
25822	How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system’s hardware?
25823	How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to your tasks so that they better fit this system?
25824	How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to this system so that it better fits your tasks?
25825	Overall  how much effort (in time and energy) did you spend so that your system and your business processes fit each other?
25826	Overall  how much effort (in time and energy) did you spend so that your system and your business processes would be in harmony with each other?
25827	I communicated with colleagues in order to better understand how this system operates.
25828	I communicated with IT specialists in order to better understand how this system operates.
25829	I researched  on my own initiative  in order to increase my knowledge and my mastery of this system.
25830	How much time (in time and energy) did you spend to learn about this system?
25831	I invested much effort (in time and energy) in order to better use this system.
25832	Knowledge gained using this system will be helpful to me with other systems in the future.
25834	Knowing how to use this system makes me more marketable.
25835	Overall the benefits of this system for my organization are: low- high.
25836	This system improved the operations of my organization.
25837	This system improved the performance of my organization.
25839	The project team was cross-functional.
25840	The project involved multiple external contractors and vendors.
25841	The project involved coordinating multiple user units.
25842	The end-users' organizational structure changed rapidly.
25843	The end-users' business processes changed rapidly.
25844	Implementing the project caused changes in the users' business processes.
25845	Implementing the project caused changes in the users' organizational structure.
25846	The end-users' information needs changed rapidly.
25847	The system involved real-time data processing.
25848	The project involved multiple software environments.
25849	The project involved multiple technology platforms.
25850	The project involved a lot of integration with other systems.
25851	IT architecture that the project depended on changed rapidly.
25852	IT infrastructure that the project depended on changed rapidly.
25853	Software development tools that the project depended on changed rapidly.
25871	I am not satisfied with the progress we are making in completing our project.
25872	We had difficulty coordinating our work.
25873	I am dissatisfied with the procedures that our team uses to communicate.
25874	We are all contributing fairly to this project.
25875	Other members of our project team have worked very hard on this project.
25876	I am doing more than my share of the work for our team.
25877	The other members of the group don't seem to respect my contributions.
25878	I  have enjoyed working with members of my project team. I really feel that I am a part of this project team.
25879	I have learned a lot from the other members of this group.
25880	I 'd like to work with this group again.
25881	How productive was the session?
25882	How enjoyable was the session?
25883	The work we've produced so far is exceptionally good.
25891	How much  influence did you have in decisions made about this system during its development?
25892	To what extent were your opinions about this system actually considered by others?
25893	Overall  how much personal influence did you have on this system?
25894	Was there much conflict concerning this system between yourself and others?
25895	To what extent were you directly involved in disagreements about this system?
25896	Was there much debate about the issues concerning this system between yourself and others?
25897	To what extent were opinion differences about this system resolved to the mutual satisfaction of conflicting parties?
25898	To what extent were conflicts concerning this system  resolved to your own personal satisfaction?
25899	Were you the leader of the project team?
25900	Did you have responsibility for estimating development costs of the new system?
25901	Did you have responsibility for requesting additional funds to cover unforeseen time/cost overruns?
25902	Did you have responsibility for selecting the hardware and/or software needed for the new system?
25903	Did you have responsibility for the success of the new system?
25904	I had main responsibility for the development project [during system definition/during physical design/ during implementation].
25905	For this system  I defined/helped define input/output forms.
25906	For this system  I defined/helped define screen layouts.
25907	For this system  I defined/helped define report formats.
25908	I designed the user training program for this system.
25909	I created the user procedures manual for this system.
25910	I trained other users to use this system.
25911	Information Systems/Data Processing staff drew up a formalized agreement of the work to be done [during system definition/during physical design/during implementation].
25912	I was able to make changes to the formalized agreement of work to be done [during system definition/ during physical design/during implementation].
25913	The Information Systems/Data Processing staff kept me informed concerning progress and/or problems [during system definition/during physical design/during implementation].
25914	I formally reviewed work done by Information Systems/Data Processing staff [during system definition/ during physical design/during implementation].
25915	I formally approved work done by the Information Systems/Data Processing staff [during system definition/ during physical design/during implementation].
25916	I signed off a formalized agreement of the work done by the Information Systems/Data Processing staff  [during system definition/during physical design/during implementation].
25917	I evaluated an information requirements analysis developed by Information Systems/Data Processing.
25918	I approved an information requirements analysis developed by the Information Systems/Data Processing staff.
25919	I could complete the job using the software package if there was someone giving me stop by step instructions.
25920	I could complete the job using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
25921	I could complete the job using the software package If I had only the software manuals for reference.
25922	I could complete the job using the software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
25923	I could complete the job using the software package if I could call someone for help if I got suck.
25924	I could complete the job using the software package if someone else had helped me get started.
25925	I could complete the job using the software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
25926	I could complete the job using the software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
25927	I could complete the job using the software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
25928	If I use a computer I will be better organized.
25929	If I use a computer my co-workers will perceive me as competent.
25930	If I use a computer I will increase my sense of accomplishment.
25931	If I use a computer I will increase my chances of obtaining a promo.
25932	If I use a computer I will increase my effectiveness on the job
25933	If I use a computer I will be seen as higher in status by my peers.
25934	If I use a computer I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
25935	If I use a computer I will spend less time on routine job tasks.
25936	If I use a computer I will increase the quality of output of my job.
25937	If I use a computer I will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort.
25938	If I use a computer I will be less reliant on clerical support staff.
25939	The CRC will be of no benefit to me.
25940	A service that is of no benefit to me is: bad - good.
25941	Using the CRC will improve my grades.
25942	A service that will improve my grades is: bad - good.
25943	The advantages of the CRC will outweigh the disadvantages.
25944	A service with more advantages than disadvantages is: bad - good.
25945	Overall  using the CRC will be advantageous.
25946	A service that is advantageous is: bad - good.
25947	Using the CRC is a: bad idea - good idea.
25948	Using the CRC is a: foolish idea - wise idea.
25949	I: dislike - like the idea of using the CRC.
25950	Using the CRC would be: unpleasant - pleasant.
25951	I intend to use the CRC this term.
25952	I intend to use the CRC to print projects  papers or assignments this term.
25953	I intend to use the CRC frequently this term.
25954	My friends would think that I should use the CRC.
25955	Generally speaking  I want to do what my friends think I should do.
25956	My classmates would think that I should use the CRC.
25957	Generally speaking  I want to do what my classmates think I should do.
25958	My professors would think that I should use the CRC.
25959	Generally speaking  I want to do what my professors think I should do.
25960	I will have to use the CRC because my professors require it.
25961	Generally speaking  I want to do what my professors think I should do.
25962	People who influence my  behavior would think that I should use the CRC.
25963	People who are important to me would think that I should use the CRC.
25964	I would feel comfortable using the CRC on my own.
25965	For me  feeling comfortable using a service on my own is: unimportant - important.
25966	If I wanted to  I could easily operate any of the equipment in the CRC on my own.
25967	For me  being able to easily operate equipment on my own is: unimportant - important.
25968	I would be able to use the equipment in the CRC even if there was no one around to show me how to use it.
25969	For me  being able to use equipment even if there is no one around to show me how to use it is: unimportant - important.
25970	The equipment (printers  computers  etc) in the CRC are not compatible with the other computers I use.
25971	For me  a service having equipment that is compatible with other equipment I use is: unimportant - important.
25972	The software in the CRC is not compatible with the software I use.
25973	For me  a service having software that is compatible with the software I use is: unimportant - important.
25974	I will have trouble reading my disks in the CRC.
25975	For me  whether or not I have trouble reading my disks is: unimportant - important.
25976	There will not be enough computers for everyone to use in the CRC.
25977	For me  having enough computers  for everyone to use is: unimportant - important.
25978	Printing in the CRC will be too expensive.
25979	For me  being able to print for a low price is: unimportant - important.
25980	I won't be able to use a computer in the CRC when I need it.
25981	For me  being able to use a computer when I need it is: unimportant - important.
25982	Instructions for using equipment in the CRC will be hard to follow.
25983	Instructions that are hard to follow are: bad - good.
25984	It will be difficult to learn how to use the CRC.
25985	A service that is difficult to learn is: bad - good.
25986	It will be easy to operate the equipment in the CRC.
25987	A service with equipment that is easy to operate is: bad - good.
25988	Using the CRC will fit well with the way I work.
25989	A service that fits well with the way I work is: bad - good.
25990	Using the CRC will fit into my workstyle.
25991	A service that fits into my workstyle is: bad - good.
25992	The setup of the CRC will be compatible with the way I work.
25993	A service that is compatible with the way I work is: bad - good.
25994	I would be able to use the CRC.
25995	Using the CRC is entirely within my control.
25996	I have the resources and the knowledge and the ability to make use of the CRC.
25997	Extent to which the business process interfaces with (partner company) are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners—in terms of rules and procedures.
25998	Extent to which information exchanged (e.g.  sales reporting  product information  product availability  inventory information  etc.) with (partner company) needs to be converted/translated to be interpreted by your company.
25999	Extent to which content of information exchanged (e.g.  sales reporting  product information  product availability  inventory information  etc.) with (partner company) can be interpreted similar to information exchanged with other partners.
26000	How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its relevancy to your business needs  compared with information exchanged with other similar partners?
26001	How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its value added to your business needs  compared with information exchanged with other similar partners?
26002	How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its timeliness  compared with information exchanged  with other similar partners?
26003	How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its completeness  compared with information exchanged with other similar partners?
26004	Extent to which you exchange details of upcoming product or service-related changes with (partner company).
26005	Extent to which you exchange future plans such as promotion and marketing plans  long-term production plans  capital investments  and capacity utilization with (partner company).
26006	Extent to which you exchange information related to market demand trends and forecasts with (partner company).
26007	Extent to which you exchange information on demand shifts and changes in customer preferences with (partner company).
26008	Extent to which you exchange information related to changes in supply chain structure  such as addition or dropping of partner companies  merger  and alliances  with (partner company).
26009	Extent to which you exchange process information needed to support changes in product features or volumes with (partner company).
26010	In our relationship with (partner company)  we provide proprietary information if we feel it can help our business partner.
26011	In our relationship with (partner company)  we share confidential information if we feel it can help our business partner.
26012	In our relationship with (partner company)  we share information with each other that is not available from other sources.
26013	In our relationship with(partner company)  the information exchange helps us provide each other with a unique perspective that neither of us could have developed on our own.
26014	Working with partner company has helped you better understand the capabilities and intentions of your competitors.
26015	Working with partner company has helped you better understand the evolving roles of channel players.
26016	Working with partner company has helped you learn how to perform new (additional) roles in the channel.
26017	Working with partner company has led your company to analyze and redesign processes linked to channel partners to improve the performance of the channel on the whole.
26018	In your relationship with (partner company) what percentage of  products and services are customized to suit each other's needs?
26019	In your relationship with (partner company) what percentage of inventory procedures were changed to suit each other’s needs?
26020	In your relationship with (partner company) what percentage of delivery procedures were changed to suit each other’s needs?
26021	In our relationship with (partner company) no matter who is at fault  problems are considered  joint responsibilities.
26022	In our relationship with (partner company) both sides are concerned about each other’s profitability.
26023	In our relationship with (partner company) both sides are willing to make cooperative changes.
26069	The IS strategy is congruent with the corporate business strategy in your organization.
26070	Decisions in IS planning are tightly linked to the organization’s strategic plan.
26071	Our business strategy and IS strategy are closely aligned.
26085	CIO and TMT members have shared understanding of the role of IS in our organization.
26086	CIO and TMT members have common view about the prioritization of IS investments.
26087	CIO and TMT members have shared view of the role of IS as a competitive weapon for our organization.
26088	CIO and TMT members have shared understanding of how IS can be used to increase productivity of our organization’s operations.
26096	CIO and TMT members share a common language in our conversations
26097	CIO avoids using IS jargon when interacting with TMT members.
26098	CIO primarily uses business terminology when interacting with TMT members.
26103	Evaluate the CIO’s level of knowledge on your firm’s present and future products  markets  business strategies  and business.
26104	Evaluate the CIO’s level of knowledge on your firm’s competitors.
26105	Evaluate the CIO’s level of knowledge on your industry’s practices.
26107	Changing this business process does not affect our other processes.
26108	It is very easy to detach this business process from our other processes.
26109	It is very easy to combine or recombine this business process with other processes.
26110	We can easily assess the performance of this business process independent of the performance of our other processes.
26111	The technologies  rules  and procedures of this business process are stable.
26112	There are many exceptions regarding the rules and procedures of this business process.
26113	Employees find no ambiguity in executing this business process.
26114	There is seldom any change to this business process.
26115	How knowledgeable is the TMT about the potential and limitations of current IS?
26116	How knowledgeable is the TMT about the potential and the limitations of “next-generation” IS?
26117	How knowledgeable is the TMT about how your competitors are applying IS?
26118	The supporting IT infrastructure is highly customized to the needs of this business process.
26119	This business process and the supporting IT infrastructure are tightly coupled .
26120	Which of the following best describes your involvement with the TMT?
26121	I interact with TMT members on a formal basis (e.g.  official meetings. work-related phone calls  etc.)
26122	How many reporting levels are between you and the CEO?
26125	I have informal contact with TMT members.
26126	I socialize with the TMT members (e.g.  social gatherings  golf  tennis  etc.).
26127	I have informal exchanges with TMT members.
26128	I provide insight to the TMT members on emerging information technologies.
26129	I assist the TMT members in improving their computer literacy.
26130	I educate the TMT members about the capabilities of IS.
26131	I work to manage the expectations of the TMT with regard to the capabilities of IS.
26132	I try to give TMT members realistic expectations about the capabilities of IS.
26133	To run this business process effectively  workers have to spend a lot of time and effort learning the ins and outs of our firm.
26134	There is a need for significant firm-specific training for a new employee to effectively execute this business process  even when he or she has general experience in our industry.
26135	Workers need a deeper understanding of our firm and customers to be effective in executing this business process.
26136	Effective execution of this business process generally requires tacit knowledge acquired through experience in our firm.
26137	How often do you organize seminars for the TMT to increase their IS knowledge?
26138	How often do you organize vendor demonstrations for the TMT to increase their IS knowledge?
26139	How often do you organize workshops for the TMT to increase their IS knowledge?
26140	How often do you organize retreats for the TMT to increase their IS knowledge?
26142	The software and applications used in this business process are specific to our firm.
26143	The procedures and routines used in this business process are specific to our firm.
26144	The data and information embedded in this business process are proprietary to our firm.
26145	This business process contains our firm-specific intellectual property (trade secrets  patents  copyrights  etc.).
26146	This business process is unique to our firm.
26147	This business process is common among our competitors.
26148	It is very difficult for our competitors to replicate how we do this business process.
26149	It would be very costly for our competitors to imitate this business process.
26150	Damage to customer relationships.
26151	Loss of financial health.
26152	Inferior competitive position.
26153	Decrease in market share.
26154	TMT members and I share many common interests (sports  hobbies  cultural interests  etc).
26158	Reduce the total cost of executing this process.
26159	Improve the quality of existing service.
26160	Entry into a new market.
26161	Access to technologies and skilled personnel.
26162	Reduce time to market of our products.
26163	We have (or expect to have)  significant amount of communication between the vendor (offshore subsidiary) and us.
26164	We have (or expect to have) frequent interactions with the vendor (offshore subsidiary) in day-to-day operations of this business process.
26165	We have (or expect to have) constant monitoring of the vendor to ensure smooth execution of this business process.
26166	We have difficulty in reaching agreement with the vendor (offshore subsidiary) when problems arise.
26167	We have difficulty in negotiating with the vendor (offshore subsidiary) when there are any changes.
26168	We have difficulty in locating  accessing  and transferring information when needed from the vendor (offshore subsidiary).
26169	Over the past 3 years  our BU’s financial performance has exceeded our competitors’.
26170	The past 3 years have been more profitable than our competitors’.
26171	Over the past 3 years  our BU’s sales growth has exceeded our competitors’.
26172	Our way of doing business is closely linked with our customers’.
26173	The business procedures and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of our customers.
26174	Some of our operations are closely connected with the ones of our customers.
26175	To operate efficiently  we rely on procedures and routines of our customers.
26176	To facilitate operations  our BU’s business procedures and routines are linked with the ones of our channel partners.
26177	Our way of doing business is closely linked with our channel partners.
26178	The business procedures and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of our channel partners.
26179	Some of our operations are closely connected with the ones of our channel partners.
26180	To operate efficiently  we rely on procedures and routines of our channel partners.
26181	We frequently share knowledge about our business environment (e.g.  other business relationships) with our customers.
26182	Knowledge about all of our channel partners  competitors  etc.  is shared with our other customers.
26183	Business insights are exchanged between us and our other customers.
26184	We frequently share knowledge about our business environment (e.g.  other business relationships) with our channel partners.
26185	Knowledge about all of our channel partners  competitors  etc.  is shared with our other channel partners.
26186	Business insights are exchanged between us and our other channel partners.
26187	Data are entered only once to be retrieved by most applications of our customers.
26188	We can easily share our data with our customers.
26189	We have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the ones of our customers.
26190	Data are entered only once to be retrieved by most applications of our channel partners.
26191	We can easily share our data with our channel partners.
26192	We have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the ones of our channel partners.
26193	Most of our software applications work seamlessly across our channel partners.
26194	Software applications on multiple machines of multiple vendors are interoperable with each other across our channel partners.
26195	The manner in which the components of our information systems are organized and integrated allows for rapid changes.
26196	Our information systems are highly scalable.
26197	Our information system is designed to support new business relationships easily.
26198	Our information systems are designed to accommodate changes in business requirements quickly.
26199	Business strategies are driven by the goal of increasing customer value.
26200	We emphasize “putting customers first” throughout our BU.
26201	Our philosophy of doing business is driven by the need of putting customers first.
26208	This website is helpful for me to evaluate the product.
26209	This Web interface is helpful in familiarizing me with the product.
26210	This Web interface is helpful for me to understand the performance of the product.
26211	Evaluating the product on this website is compatible with how I evaluate products in physical stores.
26212	Evaluating the product on this website fits well with the way I like to evaluate products in physical stores.
26213	Familiarizing myself with the product on this website is similar to my product evaluation style in physical stores.
26214	I find my experience with this website interesting.
26215	I find my experience with this website enjoyable.
26216	I find my experience with this website exciting.
26217	I find my experience with this website fun.
26218	The product that I’ve just examined is good.
26219	I have formed a favorable impression toward the product that I’ve just examined.
26220	I like the product that I’ve just examined.
26221	I like shopping on this website.
26222	Shopping on this website is a good idea.
26223	Shopping on this website is appealing.
26224	It is likely that I will buy this product.
26225	I will purchase the product the next time I need a sports watch.
26226	Suppose that a friend calls me to get my advice in his/her search for a sports watch; I would recommend him/her to buy the product.
26227	I will definitely try this product.
26228	Next time I need to shop for a sports watch  I would like to use this website.
26229	Next time I need to shop for a sports watch as a gift for a friend  I would like to use a website with characteristics similar to those of this website.
26230	I would use websites with similar characteristics to those of this website in the future.
26231	To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to do the following activities: purchase goods (e.g.  books or CDs) or services (e.g.  airline tickets or hotel reservations) from websites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable information (i.e.  credit card information)?
26232	To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to do the following activities: retrieve information from websites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable registration information  possibly including credit card information (e.g.  using sites that provide personalized stock quotes  insurance rates  or loan rates; or using sexual or gambling websites)?
26233	To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to do the following activities: conduct sales transactions at e-commerce sites that require you to provide credit card information (e.g.  using sites for purchasing goods or software)?
26234	To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to do the following activities: retrieve highly personal and password-protected financial information (e.g.  using websites that allow you to access my bank account or my credit card account)?
26235	What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that records of transactions could be sold to third parties?
26236	What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that personal information submitted could be misused?
26237	What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that personal information could be made available to unknown individuals or companies without your knowledge?
26238	What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that personal information could be made available to government agencies?
26239	I am concerned that the information I submit on the Internet could be misused.
26240	I am concerned that a person can find private information about me on the Internet.
26241	I am concerned about submitting information on the Internet  because of what others might do with it.
26242	I am concerned about submitting information on the Internet  because it could be used in a way I did not foresee.
26243	Internet websites are safe environments in which to exchange information with others.
26244	Internet websites are reliable environments in which to conduct business transactions.
26245	Internet websites handle personal information submitted by users in a competent fashion.
26246	I find that personal interest in the information that I want to obtain from the Internet overrides my concerns of possible risk or vulnerability that  I may have regarding my privacy.
26247	The greater my interest to obtain a certain information or service from the Internet  the more I tend to suppress my privacy concerns.
26248	In general  my need to obtain certain information or services from the Internet is greater than my concern about privacy.
26249	I expect that I would be able to use MDS at anytime  anywhere.
26250	I would find MDS to be easily accessible and portable.
26251	I expect that MDS would be available to use whenever I need it.
26252	I expect that MDS would be reasonably priced.
26253	MDS would offer a good value for the money.
26254	I believe that at the current price  MDS would provide a good value.
26255	Using MDS would increase my chances of achieving things that are important to me.
26256	I would find MDS to be useful in my daily life.
26257	Using MDS would help me accomplish things more quickly.
26258	I expect that learning how to use MDS would be easy for me.
26259	I expect that my interaction with MDS would be clear and understandable.
26260	I would find MDS to be easy to use.
26261	I expect that it would be easy for me to become skillful at using MDS.
26262	I expect that using MDS would be enjoyable.
26263	I expect that using MDS would be pleasurable.
26264	I expect to have fun using MDS.
26265	I expect that using MDS would be interesting.
26266	I often think of the things I buy and do in terms of how I can use them to shape a more unusual personal image.
26267	I am often on the lookout for new products or brands that will add to my personal uniqueness.
26268	I actively seek to develop my personal uniqueness by buying  special products or brands.
26269	Buying and using products that are interesting and unusual assists me in establishing a distinctive image.
26270	People who are important to me would want me to use MDS.
26271	People who influence my behavior would think I should use MDS.
26272	People whose opinions I value would prefer me to use MDS.
26273	I intend to use MDS in the future.
26274	I expect that I would use MDS in the future.
26275	I expect to use MDS frequently in the future.
26281	How frequently are there conflicts about ideas in your team?
26282	How often do people in your team disagree about opinions regarding the work to be done?
26283	How much conflict is there about the work you do?
26284	To what extent are there differences of opinions regarding tasks?
26285	How much friction is there among members of your team?
26286	How much are personality conflicts evident in your team?
26287	How much tension is there among members of your team?
26288	How much emotional conflict is there among members of your team?
26289	How often do members disagree about who should do what?
26290	How frequently do members disagree about the way to complete a team task?
26291	How much conflict about delegation of tasks exists in your team?
26292	To what extent does your Team Leader maintain tight logistical control?
26293	To what extent does your Team Leader compare records or reports to detect discrepancies?
26294	To what extent does your Team Leader anticipate workflow problems  avoid crises?
26295	To what extent does your Team Leader bring a sense of order to the team?
26296	To what extent does your Team Leader show empathy and concern in dealing with team members?
26297	To what extent does your Team Leader treat each team member in a sensitive  caring way?
26298	To what extent does your Team Leader surface key differences among team members  then work participative to resolve them?
26299	To what extent does your Team Leader encourage participative decision making in the team?
26300	Meet leadership performance standards.
26301	Comparison to leadership peers.
26302	Performance as a role model.
26303	Overall leadership success.
26304	Overall effectiveness as team leader.
26314	Because {subordinate} uses software process improvements {subordinate} has improved the quality of his or her work.
26315	Because {subordinate} uses software process improvements {subordinate} is more productive in his or her work.
26316	Because {subordinate} uses software process improvements {subordinate} is more effective in his or her work.
26317	I often help other people in this community who need help/information from other members.
26318	I take an active part in this community.
26319	I have contributed knowledge to this community.
26320	I have contributed knowledge to other members that resulted in their development of new insights.
26321	I use instant messenger to talk to people from this community frequently.
26322	I use chat room to talk to people from this community frequently.
26323	I am usually aware of who are logged on online.
26324	I pay attention to others’ online or offline status in this community.
26325	I find that people respond to my posts quickly.
26326	I find that people respond to my private messages quickly.
26327	I think that other people consider my ranking (reputation) when they interact with me.
26328	I think that other people search the archive to find out more about me.
26329	I think that other people have read my previous posts.
26330	I think that other people look at my profile to find out more about me.
26331	All in all  I am satisfied with my experience in this community.
26332	Overall  I am pleased to interact with other people in this community.
26333	When someone criticizes this community  it feels like a personal insult.
26334	This community’s successes are my successes.
26335	When someone praises this community  it feels like a personal compliment.
26336	I’m very interested in what others think about this community.
26337	When I talk about this community  I usually say “we” rather than “they”.
26338	If stories in the media criticize this community  I would feel bad.
26339	The extent to which this community helps you to get information.
26340	The extent to which this community helps you to learn how to do things.
26341	The extent to which this community helps you to generate ideas.
26342	The extent to which this community helps you to solve problems.
26343	The extent to which this community helps you to make decisions.
26344	The exchange provides data that is current enough to meet my business needs.
26345	There are accuracy problems in the data I use or needed in this exchange.
26346	The data maintained by the data exchange is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks.
26347	The transaction data transmitted are actually processed by the exchange.
26348	The exchange maintains data at an appropriate level of detail for my purposes.
26349	The data I enter on the exchange can be relied upon.
26350	The same data I enter on the form are the ones received by the vendor.
26354	How would you rate the overall risk of carrying out transactions using this exchange?
26355	How would you characterize the possibility of using the data exchange offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions?  Significant opportunity - significant threat.
26356	How would you characterize the possibility of using the data exchange offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions?  Potential for gain - potential for loss.
26359	If I was faced with a similar purchasing decision in the future  I would use this data exchange again.
26360	If a similar ordering need arises in the future  I would feel comfortable using this data exchange again to place my order.
26361	I would recommend use of this data exchange to other colleagues who may be faced with similar ordering needs as the one described in my case.
26362	I believe that this vendor would act in my best interest.
26363	If I required help  the vendor would do its best to help me.
26364	The vendor is interested in my well-being  not just its own.
26365	The vendor is truthful in its dealings with me.
26366	I would characterize the vendor as honest.
26367	The vendor would keep its commitments.
26368	The vendor is sincere and genuine.
26369	The vendor is competent and effective in providing this data exchange.
26370	The vendor performs its role of providing the data exchange very well.
26371	In general  the vendor is very knowledgeable about issues of Web-based data exchanges.
26372	Amazon.com is useful in shopping for CDs.
26373	Amazon.com improves my performance in shopping for CDS.
26374	Amazon.com enables me to shop for CDs faster.
26375	Amazon.com enhances my effectiveness in CD shopping.
26376	Amazon.com makes it easier to shop for CDs.
26377	Amazon.com increases my productivity in shopping for CDs.
26378	There is a sense of human contact in the website.
26379	There is a sense of personalness in the website.
26380	There is a sense of sociability  in the website.
26381	There is a sense of human warmth in the website.
26382	There is a sense of human sensitivity in the website.
26389	I am familiar with Amazon.com.
26390	I visit Amazon.com regularly.
26391	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in earlier phases.
26392	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases.
26393	Requirements identified at beginning of project were quite different from those existing at end.
26394	Requirements will fluctuate quite a bit in the future.
26395	Users of this software differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements to be met by it.
26396	A lot of effort had to be spent in reconciling the requirements of various users of this software.
26397	It was difficult to customize software to one set of users without reducing support to other users.
26398	There was a clearly known way to convert user needs to requirements specifications.
26399	Available knowledge was of great help in converting user needs to requirements specifications.
26400	Established procedures and practices could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications.
26401	An understandable sequence of steps could be followed for converting user needs to requirements specifications.
26402	There was a clearly known way to develop software that would meet these requirements specifications.
26403	Available knowledge was of great help in developing software that would meet these requirements specifications.
26404	Established procedures and practices could be relied upon to develop software that would meet these requirements specifications.
26405	An understandable sequence of steps could be followed for developing software to meet these requirements specifications.
26406	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The hardware platform used for the software.
26407	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The system software platform used for the software.
26408	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The programming language used for coding the software.
26409	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The telecommunications technology used for the software.
26410	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The database technology used for the software.
26411	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The design techniques used for the software.
26412	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The coding and testing techniques used for the software.
26413	How predictable were the problems from the use during this project of each of the following software development technologies or techniques?: The installation techniques used for the software.
26414	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: An individual formally responsible for coordination (e.g.  a project manager).
26415	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: An external committee or group responsible for coordination (e.g.  a steering committee).
26416	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: Referral of coordination decision to senior DP or senior user management.
26417	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: Oral communication (e.g.  face-to-face  telephone) between individuals from inhouse DP group and users.
26418	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: Written communication (e.g.  memos  notes) between individuals from inhouse DP group and users.
26419	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: Scheduled group meetings between users and inhouse DP group.
26420	To what extent were each of the following means relied upon for coordinating work among users and an inhouse DP group durign the earlier phases of the project?: Unscheduled group meetings between users and inhouse DP group.
26421	How difficult was it to estimate each of the following during the later phases of the project?: What the costs of the project would be.
26422	How difficult was it to estimate each of the following during the later phases of the project?: What the project completion time would be.
26423	How difficult was it to estimate each of the following during the later phases of the project?: What the benefits of the software would be.
26424	How difficult was it to estimate each of the following during the later phases of the project?: If software would be compatible with environment.
26425	How difficult was it to estimate each of the following during the later phases of the project?: If software would meet user needs.
26426	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Knowledge acquired by firm about use of key technologies.
26427	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Knowledge acquired by firm about use of development techniques.
26428	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Knowledge acquired by firm about supporting users' business.
26429	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Overall knowledge acquired by firm through the project.
26430	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Control over project costs.
26431	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Control over project schedule.
26432	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Adherence to auditability and control standards.
26433	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Overall control exercised over the project.
26434	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Completeness of training provided to users.
26435	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Quality of communication between DP and users.
26436	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Users' feelings of participation in project.
26437	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Overall quality of interactions with users.
26438	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Reliability of software.
26439	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Cost of software operations.
26440	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Response time.
26441	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Overall operational efficiency of software.
26442	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Ease of use of soft ware.
26443	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Ability to customize outputs to various user needs.
26444	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Range of outputs that can be generated.
26445	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Overall responsiveness of software to users.
26446	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Cost of adapting software to changes in business
26447	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Speed of adapting software to changes in business.
26448	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Cost of maintaining software over lifetime.
26449	How do you rate the project and the software that was delivered on each of the following: Overall long term flexibility of software.
26450	I use the ESS to find answers to specific questions.
26451	I regularly focus on specific information contained in the ESS.
26452	I have a set routine for using the ESS.
26453	I use the ESS to look up numbers I need.
26454	I typically take the same path through the ESS.
26455	I review a consistent set of reports in the ESS.
26456	I use the ESS to see what's new.
26457	I randomly browse through information contained in the ESS.
26458	I vary the information I look at in the ESS.
26459	I look at the information contained in the ESS as the mood strikes me.
26460	My scanning of the ESS is wide-ranging.
26461	To what extent does the ESS enable you to confirm your understanding of the business?
26462	To what extent does the ESS enable you to justify decisions?
26463	To what extent does the ESS enable you to verify assumptions?
26464	To what extent does the ESS enable you to maintain your perspectives?
26465	To what extent does the ESS enable you to support your actions?
26466	To what extent does the ESS enable you to reinforce your beliefs?
26467	To what extent does the ESS enable you to stay dose to the business?
26468	To what extent does the ESS enable you to validate your point of view?
26469	To what extent does the ESS enable you to increase your focus?
26470	To what extent does the ESS enable you to challenge your perspectives?
26471	To what extent does the ESS enable you to foster your creativity?
26472	To what extent does the ESS enable you to improve your insight into the business?
26473	To what extent does the ESS enable you to broaden your outlook?
26474	To what extent does the ESS enable you to re-orient your thinking?
26475	To what extent does the ESS enable you to expand your scope?
26476	To what extent does the ESS enable you to question your preconceptions?
26477	To what extent does the ESS enable you to test your assumptions?
26483	CEO attendance at project meetings.
26484	CEO involvement in information requirements analysis.
26485	CEO involvement in reviewing consultant's recommendations.
26486	CEO involvement in decision-making.
26487	CEO involvement in monitoring project.
26488	Effectiveness in performing information requirements analysis.
26489	Effectiveness in recommending suitable computer solution.
26490	Effectiveness in managing implementation.
26491	Relationship with other parties in the project (CEO  Users  Vendor).
26492	Adequacy of technical support during IS implementation.
26493	Adequacy of technical support after IS implementation.
26494	Quality of technical support.
26495	Adequacy of training provided.
26496	Quality of training provided.
26497	Relationship with other parties in the project (CEO  Users  Consultant).
26638	This seller is likely to care for my welfare.
26639	If there is a problem with my transaction  this seller will go out on a limb for me.
26640	This seller is likely to make sacrifices for me if needed.
26641	This seller is likely to keep my best interests in mind.
26642	I believe this seller will deliver to me a product that matches the posted description.
26643	I believe this seller will deliver to me a product according to the posted delivery terms and conditions.
26644	This seller is likely to be reliable.
26645	This seller is likely to be credible.
26646	I usually trust sellers unless they give me a reason not to trust them.
26647	generally give sellers the benefit of the doubt.
26648	My typical approach is to trust sellers until they prove I should not trust them.
26649	How effective was your group at generating ideas?
26650	How effective was your group at evaluating ideas?
26651	How effective was your group at using all members' skills?
26652	How effective was this meeting versus previous verbal meetings?
26653	How do you feel about the process by which you generated ideas?
26654	How do you feel about the ideas proposed?
26655	Overall  how enjoyable did you find your experience?
26656	The system provides the precise information I need.
26657	The system is user friendly.
26658	The reports provided by the system meet my exact needs.
26659	The information is presented in a timely manner.
26660	The system is accurate.
26661	The information content meets my needs.
26662	The output is presented in a useful format.
26663	The information is presented clearly.
26664	The system provides sufficient information.
26665	The system is easy to use.
26666	I am satisfied with the accuracy of the system.
26667	The system provides up-to-date information.
26707	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will have high costs to buy or develop.
26708	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will substantially increase our training costs.
26709	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will reduce costs in other areas.
26710	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will improve communication.
26711	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will improve access to information.
26712	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will increase the speed with which we get things done.
26713	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will improve efficiency.
26714	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will produce resistance among employees.
26715	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will make us less organized.
26716	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will create problems in integrating with our current operations.
26717	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will lead to more downtime in our operations.
26718	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will reduce the security of important information.
26719	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will help us better serve our customers / clients.
26720	If our firm uses IT in the next six months  it is: extremely unlikely- extremely likely that it will be easier to use than what we use currently.
26721	Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: good - bad.
26722	Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: harmful - helpful.
26723	Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: positive - negative.
26724	Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: effective - ineffective.
26725	Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: foolish - wise.
26726	How likely is it that your firm intends to use IT within the next 6 months?
26727	How certain are your plans to use IT  within the next 6 months?
26728	Our firm's commitment to using IT in the next six months is: weak - strong.
26729	How much would each of the following people/groups strongly  approve or disapprove of your firm using IT in the next 6 months: Customers/clients?
26730	How much would each of the following people/groups strongly  approve or disapprove of your firm using IT in the next 6 months: Suppliers/vendors?
26731	How much would each of the following people/groups strongly  approve or disapprove of your firm using IT in the next 6 months: (Information) systems people/group?
26732	How much would each of the following people/groups strongly  approve or disapprove of your firm using IT in the next 6 months: All employees who might use it?
26733	How likely is it that most people who are important to your firm would strongly approve of your firm using IT in the next 6 months?
26734	In general  how much does your firm usually want to do what  customers/clients think the firm should do?
26735	In general  how much does your firm usually want to do what  suppliers/vendors think the firm should do?
26736	In general  how much does your firm usually want to do what  the (information) systems people/ group think the firm should do?
26737	In general  how much does your firm usually want to do what  all other employees who might use IT think the firm should do?
26738	To your firm  using IT in the next 6 months would be: easy - difficult.
26739	To your firm  using IT in the next 6 months would be: under your firm's control - out of your firm's control.
26740	To your firm  using IT in the next 6 months would be: simple to arrange - complicated to arrange.
26741	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months: financial assets?
26742	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months:  time it takes to implement it?
26743	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months: compatibility with current hardware?
26744	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months: training it would take to get yoru current employees  up to speed?
26745	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months:  support of employees?
26746	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months: compatibility with current software?
26747	How likely is it that your firm has each of the following resources that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months: ability to obtain additional employees if needed?
26748	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: financial cost?
26749	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: time it takes to implement?
26750	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: compatibility with current hardware?
26751	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: compatibility with current software?
26752	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: training it would take to get your current employees  up to speed?
26753	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: opposition of employees?
26754	How important are each of the following resources for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months: number of additional employees needed?
26755	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: High costs to buy / develop an information system.
26756	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Substantial increases in your training costs.
26757	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Cost reductions in other areas.
26758	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Improved communication.
26759	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Improved access to information.
26760	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Increased speed with which your firm gets things done.
26761	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Improved efficiency.
26762	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Resistance among employees to organizational change.
26763	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Being less organized.
26764	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Problems integrating your current and your future operations.
26765	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: More downtime in your operations.
26766	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Reduced security of important information.
26767	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Better service for your customers/clients.
26768	Circle the abbreviation that best expresses how much you would like  or dislike each item below  or how negative (bad) or positive (good) you feel about it  in general: Greater ease of use in your information systems.
26794	Partner tools and machinery are customized to our needs.
26795	Partners have dedicated significant investment and capacity to our relationship.
26796	Partner knowledge of our procedures  culture  and technological know-how is difficult to replace.
26797	We have created formal and informal arrangements for information exchange with our partners.
26798	Partners are involved in quality and improvement initiatives.
26799	We share best practices with our partners.
26800	We learn about new technologies and markets from our partners.
26801	We have long-term relationships with our strategic partners.
26802	In key partner relationships  trust and goodwill have the same or greater significance than formal contracts.
26803	Both sides in the relationship do not make any demands that can hurt the relationship.
26804	Production and delivery schedules are shared across the supply chain.
26805	Performance metrics are shared across the supply chain.
26806	Supply chain members collaborate in arriving at demand forecasts.
26807	Our downstream partners (e.g.  distributors  wholesalers  retailers) share their actual sales data with us.
26808	Inventory data are visible at all steps across the supply chain.
26809	There is a high margin of error in product forecasts.
26810	Products have a short life cycle (< 1 year).
26811	The magazine Web site can be relied upon to be sincere.
26812	Promises and commitments made on the magazine Web site are not  likely to be kept.
26813	The magazine Web site is trustworthy.
26814	Magazine is not connected to vendor.
26815	Magazine is not likely to recommend vendor to an individual who wants to buy a notebook computer.
26816	Magazine and vendor have a business relationship with one another.
26817	Magazine would probably give a high rating to the vendor Web site.
26818	The vendor Web site has a lot in common with the magazine Web site.
26819	The magazine and vendor Web sites are similar.
26820	The vendor Web site can be relied upon to be sincere.
26821	Promises and commitments made on the vendor Web site are not likely to be kept.
26822	The vendor Web site is trustworthy.
26823	How often do you purchase products or services over the World Wide Web?
26824	Most Web sites are run competently.
26825	On most Web sites  you will get honest replies to your questions and concerns.
26826	On most Web sites  you can get an honest description of (he site's business and  motives.
26827	The magazine Web site was easy to use.
26828	The vendor Web site was easy to use.
26829	The vendor Web site had good graphics.
26830	The magazine Web site had good graphics.
26831	All Internet-based sellers have more or less similar prices for this product.
26832	Internet prices differ significantly for this product.
26833	Price of this product may vary between Internet-based sellers  but  overall  the price difference is not significant.
26834	Some Internet-based sellers have a lot lower prices than others.
26835	The prices for this product vary a lot between Internet-based sellers.
26836	There is a considerable difference among Internet prices for this product.
26837	My last purchase with my favorite Internet-based seller was a good buy/bargain/ value.
26838	I am happy with the price offered by my favorite Internet-based seller.
26839	Overall  I am happy with my favorite Internet-based seller's prices.
26840	I am satisfied by with favorite Internet-based seller's prices.
26841	I am contented by the prices I pay at my favorite Internet-based seller.
26842	I am pleased with the prices offered by my favorite Internet-based seller.
26843	The prices of the products I have purchased from my favorite Internet-based seller are at the right level  given the quality.
26844	The products I have purchased from my favorite Internet-based seller are generally a good buy/bargain/value.
26845	Everything I do is in a hurry.
26846	I always seem to be rushed/pressed for time.
26847	I am time poor; I never have enough time.
26848	I am aware of a Web site that gives me a price comparison (for this product) from several Internet-based sellers.
26849	I know of a Web site that allows me to compare prices from several Internet based sellers.
26850	How familiar are you with Internet-based price comparison Web sites (also called shopping bots or shopping agents) for  the most frequently purchased product ?
26851	Would you consider yourself informed or uninformed about Internet-based price comparison Web sites (also called shopping bots or shopping agents) for  the most frequently purchased product ?
26852	Would you consider yourself knowledgeable about Internet-based price comparison Web sites (also called shopping bots or shopping agents) for  the most frequently purchased product ?
26855	Data format.
26856	Relationships among entities as represented in the underlying data model.
26857	Access requirements needed to perform a task.
26858	Validation procedures or checking routines.
26859	Standard operating procedures.
26860	Presentation format of the output.
26861	Information content of the output.
26862	When consultants promise to do something by a certain time  they do so.
26863	The consultants return phone calls and inquiries promptly.
26864	The consultants can fell us  to within one day  when services will be performed.
26865	We do not receive prompt service from the consultants.
26866	The consultants are often too busy to respond to our requests promptly.
26867	We can trust the consultants.
26868	The consultants treat us with respect.
26869	The consultants get adequate support from their firm to do their jobs well.
26870	The consultants treat information about us with complete confidentiality.
26871	The consultants try to maintain a lasting and trusting relationship with us.
26872	The consultants are helpful with advice on ways to reduce our ERP implementation effort.
26873	Through training  the consultants effectively transfer their knowledge of ERP implementation and operation.
26874	The consulting firm closely supervises any consultants when they are doing work for us.
26875	The consultants give us personal attention.
26876	The consultants really understand my needs.
26877	The consultants always have our best interests at heart.
26878	When we have a problem  the consultants are sympathetic and reassuring.
26879	The consultants would make themselves available outside regular office hours if we truly needed them.
26880	The consultants' work is error free.
26881	The consultants would not  stick to the rules  if we requested some flexibility.
26882	Extent to which the ERP system can be maintained to operate without failure under abnormal conditions.
26883	Extent to which the ERP system can provide reliable  precise  accurate  consistent information.
26884	Extent to which unauthorized access and modifications can be controlled.
26885	Extent to which the ERP system exactly performs its tasks as required.
26886	Extent to which the ERP system can provide useful information and improve task-performing efficiency.
26887	Top management actively engages in selecting the ERP vendor and consulting firm.
26888	Top management actively engages In recruiting the personnel needed for implementing and operating the ERP.
26889	Top management actively engages in selling the ERP system to the users.
26890	Top management is very concerned with the performance of the ERP system.
26891	Top management makes an effort to provide stable and sufficient funding for ERP implementation and operation.
26892	Top management tries to take part in deciding in what order the modules of the ERP system should be implemented.
26893	Top management emphasizes managing and controlling the processes of ERP implementation and operation effectively.
26894	Users are not enthusiastic about the ERP project.
26895	Users are not an integral part of the ERP implementation team.
26896	Users are frequently not available to answer questions.
26897	Users have a negative opinion about the ERP system.
26898	Users are not ready to accept the changes brought about by the ERP system.
26916	When I was using MS Excel  I was able to block out all other distractions.
26917	When I was using MS Excel  I felt totally immersed in what I was doing.
26918	When I was using MS Excel  I felt completely absorbed in what I was doing.
26919	When I was using MS Excel  my attention did not get diverted very easily.
26920	When I was using MS Excel  I used features that helped me compare and contrast aspects of the data.
26921	When I was using MS Excel  I used features that helped me test different assumptions in the data.
26922	When I was using MS Excel  I used features that helped me derive insightful conclusions from the data.
26923	When I was using MS Excel  I used features that helped me perform calculations on my data.
26956	iBook is trustworthy.
26957	I believe that iBook keeps its promises and commitments.
26958	I trust iBook keeps customers’ best interests in mind.
26959	I am considering purchasing from iBook now.
26960	I would seriously contemplate buying from iBook.
26961	It is likely that I am going to buy from iBook.
26962	I am likely to make future purchases from iBook’s Web site.
26968	I like the idea of using the Internet to shop from iBook.
26969	Using the Internet to shop from iBook is a good idea.
26970	I think the outcome of buying from iBook using Internet should be positive.
26971	This Web site would score high on technical quality.
26972	This Web site would score high on ease of learning and operating  flexibility  organization  and design.
26973	The information in this Web site would score high on reliability  accuracy  currency  and comprehensiveness.
26974	Overall  the technical attributes of this Web site are strong.
26975	[Provider] has a good history in the provision of sports information.
26976	I fully believe that [Provider] has the skills to do a good job in the provision of sports information.
26977	Overall  [Provider] has a good reputation in the provision of sports information.
26978	I can see several positive outcomes coming from the use of this Web site  such as money  time saved  enhanced decision making  completion of tasks  learning or entertainment.
26979	The use of this site would bring me a lot of rewards.
26980	Overall  the expected benefits in using this Web site are high.
26981	This Web site would mainly allow users to save time  earn money  and/or make better decisions.
26982	This Web site is primarily for entertainment and/or learning.
26983	I am very interested in sports in general.
26984	Sports are an important subject to me.
26985	The system finds the news that the user wants to view.
26986	The system filters out the news that the user does not want.
26987	The system captures the right category (the one that is of interest to the user).
26988	The system pays attention to the user needs.
26989	The system captures the user’s interests.
26990	The system provides adaptive services.
26991	The system is easy to use.
26992	The system is friendly.
26993	The interface is properly formatted.
26994	The presentation is clear.
26995	The system is useful.
26996	The system finds interesting news efficiently.
26997	We sacrifice short-term profitability to gain market share.
26998	We secure our present market position prior to seeking new markets.
26999	We are usually the first ones to introduce various products and/or services in our market (or markets).
27000	Information systems increase the efficiency of our business operations.
27001	Information systems improve our decision-making.
27002	Systems provide us with information on our suppliers (e.g.  providers of key services  matenals  finance).
27003	Market share gains: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
27004	Highly satisfied with sales growth rate.
27005	Revenue growth: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
27006	Highly satisfied with net profits.
27007	Financial liquidity: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
27008	Highly satisfied with return on sales.
27009	Highly satisfied with return on investment.
27010	Highly satisfied with cash flow.
27011	Highly satisfied with new product and service development.
27012	Frequency of new product or service introduction: much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
27013	Technological developments and/or other innovations in business operations: much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
27014	Reputation among major customer segments: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
27015	The systems used in the business unit help us monitor changes in our market share.
27016	The systems used in the business unit provide us with information to defend our market position.
27017	The systems used in the business unit help us introduce various products and/or services in our market.
27018	There is a norm of teamwork in this team.
27019	I find it easy to identify myself with this team.
27020	Given my teammates previous performance  I see no reason to doubt their competence and preparation for another team task.
27021	Most  if not all  the members of my team felt mutually responsible for the team's performance.
27025	The developers of the EMS would disagree with how our group used the system.
27027	Our group probably used the EMS improperly.
27029	The original developers of the EMS would view our group’s use of the system as inappropriate.
27030	Our group failed to use the EMS as it should have been used.
27031	We did not use the EMS in the most appropriate fashion.
27033	Learning to operate an EMS is [would be] easy for groups I work with.
27034	Groups I work with find [would find] it easy to get an EMS to do what they want [would want] it to do.
27035	Groups I would with find [would find] their interaction with an EMS clear and understandable.
27036	Groups I work with find [would find] and EMS to be flexible to interact with.
27037	It is [would be] easy for groups I work with to become skillful at using an EMS.
27038	Overall groups I work with find [would find ]an EMS easy to use.
27039	Using an EMS enables [would enable] groups I normally work with to accomplish their tasks more quickly.
27040	Using an EMS improves [would improve] the performance of groups I work with.
27041	Using an EMS increases [would increase] the productivity of groups I work with.
27042	Using an EMS enhances [would enhance] the effectiveness of groups I work with.
27043	Using an EMS makes it [would make it] easier for groups I work with to carry out their tasks.
27044	Groups I work find [would find] an EMS useful for group work.
27045	How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Efficient-inefficient.
27046	How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Coordinated- uncoordinated.
27047	How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Fair- unfair.
27048	How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Confusing- understandable.
27049	How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Satisfying- dissatisfying.
27050	To what extent does the final solution reflect your inputs?
27051	To what extent do you feel committed to your group solution?
27052	To what extent are you confident that the group solution is correct?
27053	To what extent do you feel personally responsible for the correctness of the group solution?
27054	How satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the process by which your group make the decision?
27055	IT department’s planning supports your firm’s ability to keep up with changing technology.
27056	IT department’s services evolve to meet your firm’s changing needs and capabilities.
27057	Long-term data infrastructure plans exist and are followed.
27058	Long-term network infrastructure plans exist and are followed.
27059	Users receive reports in a timely manner.
27060	Users receive accurate information output.
27061	Users receive current information output.
27062	Users receive complete (thorough) information output.
27063	Users receive relevant information output.
27064	Users receive reliable information output.
27065	Communication systems are available for use 24 hours per day  seven days per week.
27066	Communication systems response times are adequate to keep users satisfied.
27067	Communication systems exhibit high degrees of reliability.
27068	Communication systems uptimes are comparable to available user time.
27069	IT has enabled your firm to gain market share.
27070	IT has enabled your firm to establish competitive barriers.
27071	IT has enabled your firm to establish a defensible market.
27072	IT has enabled your firm to improve administrative efficiency.
27073	IT has enabled your firm to improve productivity.
27074	IT has enabled your firm to improve allocation of scare resources.
27075	IT has enabled your firm to improve internal services.
27076	IT has enabled your firm to improve external services.
27077	Activities associated with purchasing inputs (raw materials) required by your firm.
27078	Receiving  storing  and disseminating inputs to the products (e.g.  materials handling   warehousing).
27079	Transforming inputs into final product (e.g.  cutting  assembly).
27080	Collecting  storing  and distributing the final product to your firm’s customers (e.g.  order processing  scheduling).
27081	Providing service to maintain or enhance the value of the product (e.g.  maintenance notices  upgrades).
27082	Improving your firm’s products and processes (e.g.  R&D).
27083	Coordinating different activities described above (e.g.  purchasing  order processing  marketing  etc.).
27084	Interacting and coordinating activities with customers.
27093	Hardware and operating systems are available for use 24 hours per day  seven days a week.
27094	Hardware and operating systems response times are adequate to keep users satisfied.
27095	Hardware and operating systems exhibit high degrees of reliability.
27096	Hardware and operating systems uptime are comparable to available user time.
27097	There is a general understanding at the top levels of management about how KM is applied to the business.
27098	There is board-level (or equivalent) representation for KM.
27099	Senior management demonstrates commitment and action with respect to KM policy  guidelines  and activities.
27100	Senior management demonstrates commitment and action with respect to KM policy  guidelines  and activities.
27101	Senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness of  KM to the whole company.
27102	Knowledge sharing is monitored and built into the appraisal system.
27103	Individuals are visibly rewarded for teamwork.
27104	My immediate coworkers encourage open communication even if it means disagreement.
27105	My immediate coworkers encourage—by action and words—sharing of knowledge.
27106	My immediate coworkers encourage each other to share solutions to work-related problems.
27107	My immediate supervisor encourages me to share solutions to work-related problems.
27108	My immediate supervisor organizes regular meetings to share knowledge.
27109	My immediate supervisor encourages—by action and words—sharing of knowledge.
27110	Knowledge artifacts available for my work have useful content.
27111	Knowledge artifacts available for my work come in multiple formats (text  graphics   video  and so on).
27112	There are systems/tools available to me to locate knowledge.
27113	The system/tools allow search using multiple criteria.
27114	The system is accessible from anywhere by anyone.
27115	The system is easy to use or adequately documented.
27116	The system allows me to add useful knowledge.
27117	I believe the knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within my business unit will improve my job performance.
27118	I believe the knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within my business unit will increase my job productivity.
27119	I believe the knowledge-sharing capabilities  existing within my business unit will enhance my effectiveness on the job.
27120	I believe the knowledge-sharing capabilities  existing within my business unit will make it easier to do my job.
27121	I believe the knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within my business unit are useful in my job.
27122	I believe because of the knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within my business unit I find it easy to get the knowledge/information I need to do my job.
27123	I believe because of the knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within my business unit  I am satisfied with the knowledge I am able to access to do my job.
27124	I believe because of the knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within my business unit I find that the knowledge available to me meets my needs adequately.
27125	I refer to shared knowledge in my work.
27126	In my group  using shared knowledge is a part of the work flow.
27127	I find that the scheme for classifying knowledge is easy to understand and use.
27128	My team tended to disagree over alternatives.
27129	The disagreements experienced by my team were directly related to task.
27130	My team members disagreed over solutions proposed.
27131	My team members advocated different viewpoints.
27132	The differences experienced by my team were task related.
27133	My team members confronted each other on personal matters.
27134	My team members made negative remarks about each other.
27135	Negative comments made by some of my team members were targeted at others.
27136	Some of my team members tended to ridicule others.
27137	The differences experienced by my team were interpersonal related.
27138	My team members examined the viewpoints of everyone.
27139	My team members resolved conflict by meeting the criteria of everyone.
27140	My team members attempted to integrate the objectives of everyone.
27141	Our solutions satisfied the criteria of everyone.
27142	Some of my team members yielded during conflict though they did not agree.
27143	Some of my team members dominated others during disagreements.
27144	Some of my team members attempted to win their positions during arguments.
27145	Our solutions satisfied the criteria of only some of my team members.
27146	My team members attempted to avoid confronting each other.
27147	My team members did not acknowledge and confront conflict openly.
27148	My team members ignored others who expressed a different viewpoint.
27149	My team members avoided taking controversial positions.
27164	The products need to be designed specifically to our needs.
27165	The products need to be customized (or tailored) specifically to our needs before we buy.
27166	The products are of value to only a small number of buyers.
27167	A large amount of information is required to describe the products.
27168	Many attributes are required to describe the products.
27169	The specifications of the products are relatively longer than other products we buy.
27170	We purchase the products on a regular basis.
27171	We purchase the products more frequently than other products we buy.
27172	We can accurately predict when we need to purchase the products next time.
27173	It is difficult to accurately estimate the volume of the products in our next purchase.
27174	Our demand volume of the products fluctuates a lot over time.
27175	Our demand volume of the products is very stable over time.
27176	How do you rate the overall market environment of the products? Stable - volatile.
27177	How do you rate the overall market environment of the products? Certain - uncertain.
27178	How do you rate the overall market environment of the products? Changes slowly - changes rapidly.
27179	We intend to participate in a B2B e-marketplace.
27180	It is likely that our firm will take some steps to participate in a B2B e-marketplace in the future.
27181	How soon do you think that your firm will participate in a B2B e-marketplace?
27182	We are registered in the B2B e-marketplace  but carry virtually no business via the e-marketplace.
27183	We are evaluating the pros and cons of doing business via the B2B e-marketplace.
27184	We have made several transactions via the B2B e-marketplace.
27185	We are still evaluating the pros and cons of doing business via the B2B e-marketplace.
27186	Doing business via the e-marketplace has still not become an important part of our business operations.
27187	We are making transactions via the B2B e-marketplace whenever necessary.
27188	Doing business via the B2B e-marketplace is an important part of our business operations.
27189	Our firm has strong IT planning capabilities.
27190	Our firm has skilled IT staff.
27191	Our firm has the knowledge necessary for deploying IT applications.
27192	Our firm is experienced in deploying IT applications.
27193	Many of our competitors are currently participating in the B2B e-marketplace.
27194	Many of our competitors will be participating in the B2B e-marketplace in the near future.
27195	Our key competitors are currently participating in the B2B e-marketplace.
27196	Our competitors that participate in the B2B e-marketplace are benefiting greatly.
27197	Our competitors that participate in the B2B e-marketplace [in a B2B e-marketplace] are perceived favorably by others in our industry.
27198	Our competitors that participate in the B2B e-marketplace [in a B2B e-marketplace] are perceived favorably by their suppliers.
27199	With regard to suppliers currently participating in the B2B e-marketplace our firm’s well-being depends on the suppliers’ resources.
27200	With regard to suppliers currently participating in the B2B e-marketplace our firm cannot easily switch away from the suppliers.
27201	With regard to suppliers currently participating in the B2B e-marketplace the suppliers are the core suppliers in a concentrated industry.
27202	Many of our suppliers are currently participating in the B2B e-marketplace.
27203	Many of our suppliers will be participating in the B2B e-marketplace in the near future.
27204	Large pressure is placed on our firm to participate in B2B e-marketplaces by industry sources (e.g.  industry or trade associations).
27205	We actively participate in industry  trade  or professional associations that promote participation in B2B e-marketplaces.
27206	Senior executive demonstrated a lot of enthusiasm and interest throughout the project.
27207	The overall level of management support in this project was quite high.
27208	Upper-level managers were personally involved in the project.
27209	Formal project management tools and techniques were employed for this  project.
27210	Project managers in charge of the project were highly capable and experienced.
27211	The implementation schedule was realistic.
27212	Experienced consultants guided us throughout the course of the project.
27213	External consultants were experienced in our business processes.
27214	External consultants brought considerable expertise and experience to our project.
27215	Significant time and resources were invested in training employees on using  the new system.
27216	Adequate on-the-job training was provided to internal user groups to use the new system.
27217	Both technology and process training were provided to employees using the system.
27218	ERP implementation has improved our efficiency of operations.
27219	ERP implementation has lowered our cost of operations.
27220	ERP implementation has reduced the amount of rework needed for data entry errors.
27221	Data provided by ERP add value to our operations.
27222	ERP implementation has improved timely access to corporate data.
27223	The ERP system provides a high level of enterprisewide data integration.
27224	ERP implementation helps us make better sales forecasts than before.
27225	The functionalities of ERP adequately meet the requirements of our jobs.
27226	ERP implementation has improved our quality of operations.
27227	ERP implementation has given us more ways to customize our processes.
27228	ERP implementation has made our company more agile.
27229	ERP implementation has made us more adaptive to changing business environment.
27230	ERP implementation has improved the flexibility of our operations.
27231	The business processes we deal with often cut across multiple functional areas.
27232	We frequently deal with ad hoc  nonroutine business processes.
27233	We generally have a high degree of uncertainty in our business processes.
27234	A majority of our business processes are quite complex.
27235	Our production/service operations require a significant amount of information processing.
27236	There are many steps in our value chain that require frequent use of information.
27237	Information used in our production/services operations needs frequent updating.
27238	Information constitutes a large component of our product/service to customers.
27239	How attractive would it be for your company to outsource this project?
27240	What is the likelihood that you would recommend outsourcing this project?
27241	I am forced by this technology to work much faster.
27242	I am forced by this technology to do more work than I can handle.
27243	I am forced by this technology to work with very tight  time schedules.
27244	I am forced to change my work habits to adapt to new technologies.
27245	I have a higher workload because of increased technology complexity.
27246	I spend less time with my family due to this technology.
27247	I have to be in touch with my work even during my vacation due to this technology.
27248	I have to sacrifice my vacation and weekend time to keep  current on new technologies.
27249	I feel my personal life is being invaded by this technology.
27250	I do not know enough about this technology to handle my  job satisfactorily.
27251	I need a long time to understand and use new technologies.
27252	I do not find enough time to study and upgrade my technology skills.
27253	I find new recruits to this organization know more about  computer technology than I do.
27254	I often find it too complex for me to understand and use new technologies.
27255	I feel constant threat to my job security due to new technologies.
27256	I have to constantly update my skills to avoid being replaced.
27257	I am threatened by coworkers with newer technology skills.
27258	I do not share my knowledge with my coworkers for fear of being replaced.
27259	I feel there is less sharing of knowledge among coworkers for fear of being replaced.
27260	There are always new developments in the technologies we use in our organization.
27261	There are constant changes in computer software in our organization.
27262	There are constant changes in computer hardware in our organization.
27263	There are frequent upgrades in computer networks in our organization.
27264	I am often asked to do things that are against my better judgment.
27265	I often receive an assignment without adequate resources and materials to execute them.
27266	I often have to bend rules or policy in order to carry out an assignment.
27267	I often receive incomplete requests from two or more people.
27268	I often have to do more work than I can handle.
27269	I am often required to do difficult tasks.
27270	I often work beyond actual or official working hours.
27271	I often attend to many problems or assignments at the same time.
27272	I never seem to have enough time to do my actual work.
27273	This technology helps to improve the quality of my work.
27274	This technology helps to improve my productivity.
27275	This technology helps me to accomplish more work than would otherwise be possible.
27276	This technology helps me to perform my job better.
27277	Experienced consultants guided us throughout the course of the project.
27278	External consultants brought in considerable expertise and experience into our project.
27279	External consultants were experienced in our business processes.
27280	Formal project management tools and techniques were employed for this project.
27281	The project’s scope  size  and effort were estimated adequately.
27282	The implementation risks were adequately evaluated  classified  and prioritized.
27283	The implementation schedule was realistic.
27284	Project managers in charge of the project were highly capable and experienced.
27285	The user community was involved throughout the ERP implementation project.
27286	Business users participated in determining systems needs and capabilities.
27287	Business users participated in identifying input/output needs.
27288	The overall level of management support in this project was quite high.
27289	Senior executive demonstrated a lot of enthusiasm and interest throughout the project.
27290	Upper-level managers were personally involved in the project.
27292	Appropriate hardware  software  and network infrastructures were in place prior to ERP implementation.
27293	Necessary server and database technologies were implemented before implementing the ERP system.
27294	Necessary hardware and software were installed before the start of this project.
27295	ERP implementation has improved our efficiency of operations.
27296	ERP implementation has lowered our costs of operation.
27297	ERP implementation has reduced the amount of rework needed for data entry errors.
27298	Data provided by ERP add value to our operations.
27299	ERP implementation has improved timely access to corporate data.
27300	The ERP system provides a high level of enterprisewide data integration.
27301	ERP implementation helps us make better sales forecasts than before.
27302	The functionalities of ERP adequately meet the requirements of our jobs.
27303	ERP implementation has improved our quality of operations.
27304	ERP implementation has given us more ways to customize our processes.
27305	ERP implementation has made our company more agile.
27306	ERP implementation has made us more adaptive to changing business environment.
27307	ERP implementation has improved the flexibility of our operations.
27308	The team had a good “map” of each other’s talents and skills.
27309	Team members were assigned to tasks commensurate with their k-relevant knowledge and skill.
27310	Team members knew what task-related skills and knowledge they each possess.
27311	Team members knew who on the team has specialized skills and knowledge that is relevant to their work.
27312	Team members had a common understanding of the application domain that the system was to support.
27313	Team members had a common understanding of the technologies used in the development process.
27314	Team members had a common understanding of the project development procedures.
27315	Overall  team members shared their visions of the project.
27316	Please evaluate performance of the project team in terms of the amount of work the team produced.
27317	Please evaluate performance of the project team in terms of the efficiency of team operations.
27318	Please evaluate performance of the project team in terms of the team’s adherence to the schedule.
27319	Please evaluate performance of the project team in terms of the quality of work the team produced.
27320	Please evaluate performance of the project team in terms of the effectiveness of the team’s interactions with people outside the team.
27321	The information I get from the information source is clear in meaning.
27322	The information I get from the information source is easy to comprehend.
27323	The information I get from the information source is accurate.
27324	The information I get from the information source is credible.
27325	The information I get from the information source is informative.
27326	The information I get from the information source is valuable.
27327	How often do you use static Internet in your daily work tasks?
27328	How often do you use dynamic Internet in your daily work tasks?
27329	How often do you use company intranets or knowledge bases in your daily work tasks?
27330	How often do you use supervisors in your daily work tasks?
27331	How often do you use coworkers within your department in your daily work tasks?
27332	How often do you use coworkers outside your department in your daily work tasks?
27333	How often do you use others outside your organization in your daily work tasks?
27334	To me  the information source is: available - unavailable.
27335	To me  the information source is: dependable - undependable.
27336	To me  the information source is: convenient - inconvenient.
27337	To me  the information source is: accessible - inaccessible.
27338	To me  the information source is: personal - impersonal.
27339	I frequently deal with unstructured business problems.
27340	I frequently deal with ad hoc  nonroutine business problems.
27341	The business problems I deal with frequently involve more than one organizational group.
27342	The business problems I work on involve answering questions that have never been asked in that way before.
27343	In my job  there is a great deal of variety in the problems  issues  or questions for which I need data.
27344	The business problems I deal with frequently involve more than one business function.
27345	In my work  I frequently have to think about business problems and the associated data in new ways.
27346	It is necessary to spend time thinking about how best to address a business problem before I begin an analysis.
27347	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in supplier relations?
27348	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in production and operations?
27349	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in product and service enhancement?
27350	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in  marketing and sales?
27351	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in customer relations?
27352	Critical business activities: forge closer links with suppliers  monitor quality  monitor delivery times  gain leverage over suppliers  negotiate pricing.
27353	Critical business activities: improve throughput  boost labor productivity  improve flexibility and equipment utilization  streamline operations.
27354	Critical business activities: embed IT in products  increase pace of development/R&D  monitor design cost  improve quality; support innovation.
27355	Critical business activities: spot market trends  anticipate customer needs  build market share  improve forecast accuracy  evaluate pricing options.
27356	Critical business activities: respond to customer needs  provide after-sales service and support  improve distribution  create customer loyalty.
27357	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Help your corporation gain leverage over its suppliers?
27358	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Reduce variance in supplier lead times?
27359	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Help develop close relationships with suppliers?
27360	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Improve monitoring of the quality of products and services from suppliers?
27361	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enable electronic transactions with suppliers?
27362	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Improve production throughput or service volumes?
27363	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Improve operating flexibility?
27364	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enhance utilization of machinery and equipment?
27365	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Improve the productivity of labor?
27366	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Streamline business processes?
27367	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enhance the value of products and services by embedding IT in them?
27368	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Decrease the cost of designing new products and services?
27369	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Reduce the time-to-market for new products and services?
27370	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enhance product and service quality?
27371	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Support product/service innovation?
27372	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Help track market response to pricing strategies?
27373	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Increase your ability to anticipate customer needs?
27374	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enable salespeople to increase sales per customer?
27375	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Improve accuracy of sales forecasts?
27376	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enable identification of market trends?
27377	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enhance your ability to provide after-sales service and support?
27378	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Improve product/service distribution?
27379	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enhance flexibility and responsiveness to customer needs?
27380	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enhance your ability to attract and retain customers?
27381	How much impact has IT had on your firm's performance in each of the following ares: Enable you to support customers during the sales process?
27382	What is the overall importance of IT technical skills to your organization?
27383	What is the overall competence level in IT technical skills in your organization?
27384	Compared to other aspects of your business  what amount of time and effort goes into developing and maintaining IT technical skills?
27385	What is the overall importance of cost efficiency to your organization?
27386	What is the overall competence level in cost efficiency in your organization?
27387	Compared to other aspects of your business  what amount of time and effort goes into developing and maintaining cost efficiency?
27388	What is the overall importance of environmental scanning to your organization?
27389	What is the overall competence level in environmental scanning in your organization?
27390	Compared to other aspects of your business  what amount of time and effort goes into environmental scanning?
27391	What is the overall competence level in market responsiveness in your organization?
27392	Compared to other aspects of your business  what amount of time and effort goes into developing and maintaining market responsiveness?
27393	What is the overall competence level in brand management in your organization?
27394	Compared to other aspects of your business  what amount of time and effort goes into brand management?
27395	What is the overall competence level in customer service in your organization?
27396	Compared to other aspects of your business  what amount of time and effort goes into customer service?
27397	How would you rate the overall performance of your online operations?
27398	How would you evaluate the return on investment for your online operations?
27399	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting budget objectives.
27400	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting reliability objectives.
27401	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting quality objectives.
27402	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting user satisfaction objectives.
27403	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting service objectives.
27404	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting major deadlines.
27405	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting revenue objectives.
27406	Assess the performance of your online operations compared to expectations in terms of meeting overall objectives.
27407	Compared with your main competitors  how would you rate the performance of your online operations?
27408	How do you think your customers would rate your online operations compared to those of your main competitors?
27409	In this relationship  it is expected that any information that might help the other party will be provided.
27410	Exchange of information in this relationship takes place  frequently and informally and not according to a prespecified agreement.
27411	It is expected that the parties will provide proprietary information if it can help the other party.
27412	It is expected that the parties keep each other informed about events or changes that may affect the other party.
27413	It is easy to predict the timing of our requirements for component C.
27414	We are confident of our ability to estimate our future need for component C.
27415	The volume of our future demand for component C is predictable.
27416	Component C tends to be technically complex.
27417	Component C requires a lot of information to fully describe.
27418	Component C has a large number of subcomponents to describe.
27419	Component C needs significant engineering effort and expertise.
27420	Component C tends to be relatively sophisticated.
27421	On average  the number of external suppliers capable of providing component C is very high.
27422	The number of substitutes for component C is very high.
27423	The extent of competition among suppliers of component C is very high.
27424	The degree of difficulty for a new supplier of component C to enter the market is very high.
27425	The rate at which the prices of component C change over time is very high.
27426	The rate at which the suppliers of component C change over time is very high.
27427	Our company shares databases with supplier S.
27428	Our company shares applications with supplier S.
27429	Our company exchanges files with supplier S.
27430	For supplier S  the percentage of its total revenue that involves sales of component C to our firm is very high.
27431	For supplier S  the percentage of its total profits that involves sales of component C to our firm is very high.
27432	This virtual advisor provides unbiased product recommendations.
27433	This virtual advisor is honest.
27434	I consider this virtual advisor to be of integrity.
27435	I am an expert in digital cameras.
27436	I am willing to examine the product attributes very carefully in order to make sure that the product fits my preferences perfectly.
27437	I prefer to shop hard in order to get exactly what I want.
27438	This virtual advisor is like a real expert in assessing digital cameras.
27439	This virtual advisor has the expertise to understand my needs and preferences about digital cameras.
27440	This virtual advisor has the ability to understand my needs and preferences about digital cameras.
27441	This virtual advisor has good knowledge about digital cameras.
27442	This virtual advisor considers my needs and all important attributes of digital cameras.
27443	This virtual advisor puts my interest first.
27444	This virtual advisor keeps my interests in its mind.
27445	This virtual advisor wants to understand my needs and preferences.
27446	This virtual advisor provides unbiased product recommendations.
27447	This virtual advisor is honest.
27448	I consider this virtual advisor to be of integrity.
27453	The other consumers are very responsive to my reviews.
27454	I always get a lot of responses to my reviews.
27455	I get responses to my reviews fairly quickly.
27456	Other consumers always rate my advice.
27457	The Web site is easy to use.
27458	It is easy to become skillful at using the Web site and the customer reviews.
27459	Learning to operate the Web site is easy.
27460	The Web site is flexible to interact with.
27461	My interaction with the Web site is clear and understandable.
27462	It is easy to reference the customer reviews on the Web site.
27463	It is easy to interact with Web site.
27464	The Web site is useful for finding customer review information about CDs/books.
27465	The Web site is useful for finding customer review information about and purchasing CDs/books.
27466	The Web site improves my performance in searching and researching information about  as well as buying  CDs/books.
27467	The Web site enables me to find useful information about CDs/books faster.
27468	The Web site enables me to search and buy faster.
27469	This Web site enhances my effectiveness for search  researching  and buying CDs/books.
27470	The Web site makes it easier to search  find information about  and purchase CDs/books.
27471	The Web site increases my productivity in searching  researching  and purchasing information about CDs/books.
27472	The product reviews are relevant for me.
27473	The product reviews are helpful.
27474	The product reviews are usually not the information I need.
27475	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is honest.
27476	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it cares about customers.
27477	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is not opportunistic.
27478	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it provides good service.
27479	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is predictable.
27480	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it is trustworthy.
27481	Based on my experience with the online vendor in the past  I know it knows its market.
27482	I would be willing to provide the information it needs to better serve me to an online retailer that provides customer ratings and  reviews.
27483	I would be willing to provide my credit card to purchase from an online retailer that provides customer ratings and reviews.
27484	Has the service representative been candid in communications with you?
27485	Has the service representative explained the procedure thoroughly?
27486	Were the service representative explanations regarding the procedure reasonable?
27487	Has the service representative communicated details in a timely manner?
27488	Has the service representative seemed to tailor communications to individuals’ specific needs?
27489	The service representative treated you in a polite manner?
27490	The service representative treated you with dignity?
27491	The service representative treated you with respect?
27492	The service representative refrained from improper remarks or comments?
27493	Does your outcome reflect the effort you put into resolving the complaint?
27494	Is your outcome appropriate for the process you have completed?
27495	Is your outcome similar to your expectations of it?
27496	Is your outcome justified  given the case details?
27497	Have you been able to express your views and feelings during those procedures?
27498	Have you had influence over the outcome arrived at by those procedures?
27499	Have those procedures been applied consistently?
27500	Have those procedures been free of bias?
27501	Have those procedures been based on accurate information?
27502	Have you been able to appeal the outcome arrived at by those procedures?
27503	Have those procedures upheld ethical and moral standards?
27504	I can count on the service representative.
27505	I can use the service representative’s word as the basis for my decisions.
27506	The service representative can be counted on to come through when needed in a dispute.
27507	When I undergo a complaint resolution  I know I can count on this service representative for support.
27508	E-Mediate is trustworthy.
27509	I trust e-Mediate keeps my best interests in mind.
27510	E-Mediate will keep promises it makes to me.
27511	I believe in the information e-Mediate provides me.
27512	E-Mediate wants to be known as one that keeps promises and commitments.
27513	I can count on the other party.
27514	I can trust the other party’s word throughout the complaint handling process.
27515	The other party can be trusted.
27516	When I undergo a complaint resolution with this other party  I know I can count on this person for cooperation.
27517	Assuming I had another online complaint  similar to this one  I intend to use e-Mediate.
27518	Given that I had another online complaint  similar to this one  I predict that I would use e-Mediate’s services.
27519	I intend to use e-Mediate for online complaint resolution as often as needed.
27520	Whenever possible  I intend to use e-Mediate services for online complaint resolution.
27521	To the extent possible  I would use e-Mediate for online complaint resolution.
27522	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if there was no one around to tell me what to do.
27523	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I had never used a Web site like it before.
27524	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I had only the Web site manuals for reference.
27525	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I had seen someone else trying it before trying it myself.
27526	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
27527	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if someone else helped me get started.
27528	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I had a lot of time to complete the assignment for which the Web site was provided.
27529	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
27530	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if someone showed me how to do it first.
27531	I could resolve a similar complaint case using the new e-customer service Web site  if I had used similar Web sites before this one to do the same assignment.
27532	This virtual advisor is like a real expert in assessing digital cameras.
27533	This virtual advisor has the expertise to understand my needs and preferences about digital cameras.
27534	This virtual advisor has the ability to understand my needs and preferences about digital cameras.
27535	This virtual advisor has good knowledge about digital cameras.
27536	This virtual advisor considers my needs and all important attributes of digital cameras.
27537	This virtual advisor puts my interest first.
27538	This virtual advisor keeps in mind my interests.
27539	This virtual advisor wants to understand my needs and preferences.
27540	This virtual advisor provides unbiased product recommendations.
27541	This virtual advisor is honest.
27542	I consider this virtual advisor to be of integrity.
27543	The the extent to which the technologies listed are accessible and available to users for task-oriented group collaboration in your organization : no one in the organization--some persons in the organization--everyone in the organization.
27545	The extent to which videoconferencing is accessible and available to users for task-oriented group collaboration in your organization.
27550	The extent to which they are currently being used to support task-oriented group collaboration in your organization: no one in the organization--some persons in the organization--everyone in the organization.
27556	Using the scale below  please click the response that best describes the pattern of decision making in your organization regarding: capital budgeting.
27557	Using the scale below  please click the response that best describes the pattern of decision making in your organization regarding: new product/service introduction.
27558	Using the scale below  please click the response that best describes the pattern of decision making in your organization regarding: entry into major new markets.
27559	Using the scale below  please click the response that best describes the pattern of decision making in your organization regarding: pricing major product lines.
27560	Using the scale below  please click the response that best describes the pattern of decision making in your organization regarding: methods of personnel selection.
27561	Using the scale below  please click the response that best describes the pattern of decision making in your organization regarding: work methods to be used.
27562	Joint development of projects occurs frequently with other departments.
27563	Applications are often  shared between departments.
27564	Exchange of ideas between  departments is encouraged.
27565	Information is often shared between departments.
27566	Projects are often initiated through joint interaction between departments.
27567	Top management actively promotes intraorganizational collaboration within your organization.
27568	Top management actively promotes interorganizational collaboration between your organization and other organizations.
27569	Your organization is increasingly using virtual teams for collaboration.
27570	There is a specific person in your organization with the responsibility to manage and promote collaboration.
27571	A lot of effort had to be spent in reconciling the requirements of various users.
27572	Users differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements to be met.
27573	Requirements identified at the beginning of project were quite different from those existing at end.
27574	Using the system would improve my performance in my course.
27575	Using the system in my course would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
27576	I find the system would be useful in my course.
27577	Using the system would increase my productivity in my course.
27578	Using the system would enhance my effectiveness in my course.
27579	Learning to operate the system is easy for me.
27580	I find it easy to use the system to do what I want to do.
27581	My interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
27582	I find the system adaptable for my interaction.
27583	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the system.
27584	I find the system easy to use.
27585	At the beginning of this project  my knowledge about project management was: very low – very high.
27586	At the beginning of this project  my knowledge about the business environment of this project was: very low – very high.
27587	At the beginning of this project  my knowledge about the applications/technology used on this project was: very low – very high.
27588	At the beginning of this project  the sponsor’s knowledge about project management was: very low – very high.
27589	At the beginning of this project  the sponsor’s knowledge about the business environment of this project was: very low – very high.
27590	At the beginning of this project  the sponsor’s knowledge about the applications/technology used on this project was: very low – very high.
27591	At the beginning of this project the client manager’s knowledge about project management was: very low – very high.
27592	At the beginning of this project  the client manager’s knowledge about the business environment of this project was: very low – very high.
27593	At the beginning of this project  the client manager’s knowledge about the applications/technology used on this project was: very low – very high.
27594	I use the system because using the system is required by my course description.
27595	I use the system because using the system is compulsory in my course.
27596	I use the system because my instructor requires me to use the system.
27597	The application was required to integrate with other applications.
27598	The technology was required to interface with other types of technology.
27599	How does the size of this project compare with other undertaken by the client organization over the past three years?
27600	I use the system because it bothers me when I don’t use the system.
27601	I use the system because I will feel bad about myself if I don’t use the system.
27602	I use the system because I’ll feel ashamed of myself if I don’t use the system.
27603	I use the system because I want my colleagues to like me.
27604	I use the system because my friends would think that I should use the system.
27605	I use the system because my peers would think that I should use the system.
27606	I use the system so that others won’t get upset with me.
27607	I use the system because I think it’s personally important to myself.
27608	I use the system because I personally like using the system.
27609	I use the system because I enjoy using the system.
27610	I use the system because using the system is fun.
27611	To what extent did top management demonstrate interest in the implementation of the project?
27612	To what extent did top management effectively communicate support for the project?
27613	To what extent did top management provide the necessary help and effective resources for the project?
27614	All things considered  my use of system in my course is a: good - bad idea.
27615	All things considered  my use of system in my course is a: negative - positive idea.
27616	I intend to use the system in my course.
27617	I intend to use the system for collaborating with others in my course.
27618	I intend to use the system frequently in my course.
27619	To what extent did the client manager assign his or her best resources to the project?
27620	To what extent did the client manager act as an ambassador for the project?
27621	To what extent did the client manager actively support the use of project management processes?
27622	To what extent were users able to make changes to the agreements of the work to be done?
27623	To what extent did the project team keep users informed concerning project progress and problems?
27624	To what extent did users formally evaluate the work done by the project team?
27625	There was a change in the competitive environment that affected the project.
27626	There was a change in the business strategy that affected the project.
27627	There was a change in the supplier/vendor that affected the project.
27628	There was a regulatory/governmental change that affected the project.
27629	A project management methodology was used on this project.
27630	Project management tools and techniques were used on this project.
27631	The project team met frequently.
27632	Project team members were kept informed about major decisions concerning the project.
27633	Project team members actively participated in the definition of project goals and schedules.
27634	The team had a good “map” of one another’s talents and skills.
27635	Team members were assigned to tasks commensurate with their task-relevant knowledge and skill.
27636	Team members knew who on the team had specialized skills and knowledge that was relevant to their work.
27637	People in our team shared their special knowledge and expertise with one another.
27638	More knowledgeable team members freely provided other members with hard-to-find knowledge or specialized skills.
27639	In terms of quality the project was lower quality than desired by the client by this percentage.
27640	In terms of quality the project was higher quality than desired by the client by this percentage.
27641	In overall terms the client organization received less organizational benefits than expected by this percentage.
27642	In overall terms the client organization received more organizational benefits than expected by this percentage.
27643	I feel that government acts in citizen’s best interest.
27644	I feel fine interacting with the government since government generally fulfills its duties efficiently.
27645	I always feel confident that I can rely on government to do their part when I interact with them.
27646	I am comfortable relying on the government to meet their obligations.
27647	The Internet has enough safeguards to make me feel comfortable using it.
27648	I feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems on the Internet.
27649	I feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on the Internet make it safe for me to transact there.
27650	This Web site is trustworthy.
27651	This Web site seems to be honest and truthful to me.
27652	This Web site can be trusted.
27653	This Web site provides sufficient information.
27654	Through this Web site  I get the information I need in time.
27655	I am satisfied with the accuracy of this Web site.
27656	Information provided by this Web site meets my needs.
27657	Information provided by this Web site is in a useful format.
27658	Information provided by this Web site is clear.
27659	Information provided by this Web site is accurate.
27660	Information provided by this Web site is up-to-date.
27661	Information provided by this Web site is reliable.
27662	This Web site is easy to use.
27663	This Web site is user friendly.
27664	I find it easy to get this Web site to do what I want it to do.
27665	I believe that this Web site is cumbersome to use.
27666	Using this Web site requires a lot of effort.
27667	Using this Web site is often frustrating.
27668	This Web site provides dependable services.
27669	This Web site provides services at the times it promises.
27670	This Web site gives prompt service to citizens.
27671	This Web site is responsive to citizen’s request.
27672	This Web site is designed with citizen’s best interests at heart.
27673	This Web site is designed to satisfy the needs of citizens.
27674	I intend to continue using this Web site rather than discontinue it.
27675	My intention is to continue using this Web site rather than use any alternative means (e.g.  offline interaction with the government agency).
27676	I will not discontinue my use of this Web site.
27677	How adequately do you feel this Web site meets your needs of interaction with the government agency?
27678	How efficient is this Web site in fulfilling your needs of interaction with the government agency?
27679	How effective is this Web site in fulfilling your needs of interaction with the government agency?
27680	Overall  are you satisfied with this Web site?
27681	The employee has quickly become familiar with the new IT platform.
27682	It was not difficult for the employee to adjust him- or herself to the new IT platform.
27683	The employee has skillfully used the tools and applications the new IT platform provides.
27684	The employee has accurately managed all the facilities the new IT platform provides.
27685	I develop open source software because it gives me a sense of personal achievement.
27686	I develop open source software because I enjoy the creative process.
27687	I develop open source software because it gives me an opportunity to be creative.
27688	I develop open source software because it is fun.
27689	I believe open source software is less challenging to develop than proprietary software.
27690	I believe developing open source software is an easy task.
27691	I believe open source software development is demanding.
27692	I believe open source software development is challenging.
27693	I believe that a user of any product has a right to modify it to suit his or her needs. New constructs
27694	I believe that a user of any product has a right to know about its internal details.
27695	I believe that modifications of software should be left only to its original creator.
27696	I believe that OSS licenses should give everyone the freedom to distribute derivative software under any license.
27697	I believe that OSS licenses should restrict everyone to distribute the derivative software under the same (or equivalent) license as that of the original software on which the derivative is based.
27698	I believe that developing open source software is part of my duty toward society.
27699	I believe it is my social obligation to develop open source software.
27700	I believe that developing open source software is one of my social responsibilities.
27701	I develop open source software because it gives me status among my peers.
27702	I develop open source software so that I will be highly regarded in the software development community.
27703	I develop open source software because it gives me status in the software development community.
27704	I develop open source software because I will get respect among my peers.
27705	I develop open source software because it gives me status among my peers.
27706	I develop open source software so that I will be highly regarded in the software development community.
27707	I develop open source software because it gives me status in the software development community.
27708	I develop open source software because I will get respect among my peers.
27709	Decision is sound.
27710	Justification is correct.
27711	Justification is complete.
27712	Some statements are not correct.
27713	Justification sufficiently explains the reason.
27714	Justification covers all aspects.
27715	The overall accuracy.
27716	Overall completeness.
27717	Overall quality.
27718	It took too long to perform.
27719	It requires a lot of time.
27720	It requires a lot of though.
27721	I spent a lot of effort.
27722	I felt a sense of human contact in the agent.
27723	I felt a sense of personalness in the agent.
27724	I felt a sense of human warmth in the agent.
27725	I felt a sense of sociability in the agent.
27726	I felt a sense of human sensitivity in the agent.
27727	The agent was competent in recommending digital cameras.
27728	Overall  the agent was capable of providing suitable digital camera recommendations.
27729	In general  the agent was very knowledgeable about digital cameras.
27730	I believe that the agent's dealings with me were in my best interest.
27731	The agent's dealings with me felt like that it would do its best to help me.
27732	The agent's dealings with me felt like that it was interested in my well-being  not someone else's.
27733	I believe the agent's recommendations to me were truthful.
27734	I would characterize the agent's dealings with me as honest.
27735	The agent appeared to be unbiased.
27736	Interacting with the recommendation agent is enjoyable.
27737	Interacting with the recommendation agent is exciting.
27738	Interacting with the recommendation agent is pleasant.
27739	Interacting with the recommendation agent is interesting.
27740	Interacting with the recommendation agent is fun.
27741	Using the recommendation agent can improve my shopping performance.
27742	Using the recommendation agent can increase my shopping productivity.
27743	Using the recommendation agent can increase my shopping effectiveness.
27744	I found using the recommendation agent useful.
27745	If I have access to the system  I intend to use the agent for my next digital camera purchase.
27746	If I have access to the system  I predict I would use the agent for my next digital camera purchase.
27747	If I have access to the system  I plan to use the agent for my next digital camera purchase.
27756	The review process for [contributions] to the KBase occurs in a timely manner.
27757	The review process for [contributions] to the KBase takes far too long.
27758	I am satisfied with the amount of time it typically takes for [contributions] to be reviewed and processed.
27759	I am kept informed about the status of my [contributions] to  the KBase.
27760	It is easy for me to see the status of my [contributions] to the  KBase.
27761	I can check at any point in time the status of my  [contributions] to the KBase.
27762	Overall  the [contribution] review process is clear.
27763	It is difficult to get [contributions] approved.
27764	Getting [contributions] approved and accepted is easy.
27765	In your experience  what proportion of [contributions] that you submit to the KBase end up being rejected?
27766	Based on the experiences your colleagues have shared with you  what proportion of all [contributions] that are submitted to the KBase end up being rejected?
27767	The knowledge in the KBase is precise.
27768	The content of KBase meets my needs.
27769	The knowledge in the KBase is accurate.
27770	Overall  the quality of knowledge in the KBase is high.
27771	I rarely use the KBase as a way of acquiring knowledge.
27772	I frequently check in the KBase when I need to improve my knowledge on a topic or issue.
27773	When I am working on a problem  I often look in the KBase to find solutions to similar problems.
27774	I often obtain knowledge through the KBase.
27775	I am very good at solving our customer’s technical problems.
27776	I am an expert technical troubleshooter.
27777	My colleagues would consider me to be an expert in my areas of technical knowledge.
27778	I felt that I had a great deal of control over my communication in this group.
27779	While I was involved in this group  I could choose freely what I wanted to hear/read and say/contribute.
27780	While involved in this group  I had absolutely no control over my communication.
27781	While involved in this group  my actions determined the kind of experiences I had.
27782	The facilitator effectively gathered group members’ feedback.
27783	The group environment facilitated two-way communication  between group members and the facilitator.
27784	It was difficult to offer feedback to the facilitator.
27785	The facilitator made me feel he or she wanted to listen to the group members.
27786	The facilitator did not at all encourage group members to communicate.
27787	The group environment gave group members the opportunity to communicate.
27788	The facilitator processed my input very quickly.
27789	Getting information from the facilitator was very fast.
27790	In the group environment  I was able to obtain the information I wanted without any delay.
27791	When I communicated with the facilitator  I felt I received instantaneous information.
27792	Some group members tried to intimidate others  e.g.  by talking loudly  using aggressive gestures  making threats  etc.
27793	Some group members tried to use their influence  status  or power so as to force issues on the other group members.
27794	I felt inhibited from participating in the interaction because of the behavior of other group members.
27795	I experienced pressure  either to conform to a particular viewpoint or to not contradict others.
27796	Our group discussion process was efficient.
27797	Our group discussion process was uncoordinated.
27798	Our group discussion process was unfair.
27799	Our group discussion process was understandable.
27800	Our group discussion process was satisfying.
27801	To what extent would you agree that this group interaction was result oriented?
27802	The time spent in the group interaction was efficiently used.
27803	Issues raised in the group interaction were discussed thoroughly.
27804	The discussions were ineffective.
27805	The context of the discussions was carelessly developed.
27806	Issues were examined effectively.
27807	Participation in the discussions was unevenly distributed.
27808	Ideas in the discussions were uncritically examined.
27809	The amount of information exchanged was sufficient.
27810	It was easy to communicate openly to all members of this group.
27811	Communication in this group was very open.
27812	When people communicated to each other in this group  there was a great deal of understanding.
27813	It was easy to ask advice from any member of this group.
27814	We needed to adapt our style of communication to effectively communicate.
27815	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I would like to discuss my ideas with  SAP experts in order to learn more about SAP software and the SAP company.
27816	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I would like to discuss my ideas with  my mentor in order to learn more about SAP software and the SAP company.
27817	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I hope that the ideas listed in the  “idea pool” will extend my knowledge and I can learn more about SAP software and the SAP company.
27818	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I hope to win a monetary or nonmonetary prize.
27819	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I hope to get the chance to work for SAP.
27820	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I want to present my creativity skills as well as my expertise to other participants and to SAP by displaying my idea on the SAPiens platform as well by listing my expertise on my personal profile.
27821	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I would be very proud if my idea is acknowledged by the jury.
27822	I attended the SAPiens ideas competition because I wish for acknowledgment from the other participants.
27823	Senior management in your firm actively participates in: Articulating a vision for your organizational use of e-procurement systems.
27824	Senior management in your firm actively participates in: Formulating a strategy for the organizational use of e-procurement systems.
27825	Senior management in your firm actively participates in: Establishing goals and standards to monitor e-procurement systems.
27826	Senior management in your firm actively participates in: Deploying information technology in your organization.
27827	In my company  information technology (IT) is important for the fulfillment of operational costs reduction.
27828	In my company  information technology (IT) is important for the fulfillment of productivity improvements.
27829	In my company  information technology (IT) is important for the fulfillment of improved access to information.
27830	In my company  information technology (IT) is important for the fulfillment of improved quality of decision making.
27831	In my company  information technology (IT) is important for the fulfillment of improved competitiveness.
27832	In my company  information technology (IT) is important for the fulfillment of improved service to customers.
27833	In general  most suppliers that use electronic procurement technology are competent at serving their customers.
27834	Most suppliers that use electronic procurement technology do a good job at meeting customer needs.
27835	Most suppliers that use electronic procurement technology are good at what they do.
27836	Most suppliers that use electronic procurement systems would act in the customers’ best interest.
27837	If a customer required help  most suppliers that use electronic procurement systems would do their best to help.
27838	Most suppliers that use electronic procurement systems are interested in customer well-being  not just their own well-being.
27839	I am comfortable relying on suppliers that use electronic procurement systems to fulfill their obligations.
27840	I always feel confident that I can rely on suppliers that use electronic procurement systems to do their part when I interact with them.
27841	I feel comfortable doing business on the Internet with suppliers that use electronic procurement technology.
27842	I feel comfortable with the safeguards that electronic procurement systems provide to conduct transactions.
27843	I feel comfortable that legal structures adequately protect me from problems regarding electronic procurement systems.
27844	I feel comfortable that technological structures adequately protect me from problems regarding electronic procurement systems.
27845	I feel comfortable that  encryption and other technological advances of electronic procurement systems make it safe for me to do business on the Internet.
27846	In general  electronic procurement systems provide a safe environment in which to transact business.
27847	The electronic procurement standards in your organization typically restrict how purchasers use the system.
27848	The electronic procurement standards in your organization typically are flexible in how IT can be used.
27849	The electronic procurement standards in your organization typically provide your procurement group with a range of options suitable for different purchase decisions.
27850	The electronic procurement standards in your organization typically address the full spectrum of relevant standards issues for interaction with suppliers.
27851	Your industry standards for procurement are more or less comprehensive in comparison to other industries.
27852	For a current client engagement  how difficult is it to estimate compatibility with future standards in client organization?
27853	For a current client engagement  how difficult is it to estimate implementation period?
27854	For a current client engagement  how difficult is it to estimate unforeseen technical problems?
27855	For a current client engagement  how difficult is it to estimate service costs?
27856	For a current client engagement  how difficult is it to estimate integration with existing client capabilities?
27857	We acquire knowledge specific to the client’s business domain.
27858	We have experience in the client’s industry or vertical market.
27859	We invest in application-specific knowledge in functional areas.
27860	We acquire knowledge specific to client’s company.
27861	SLAs on network reliability and security.
27862	SLAs on customer response time.
27863	Tools and tracking systems to prove SLA achievement.
27864	Client company’ senior management is willing to share workload and information with my company.
27865	Client company’s senior management thinks the use of my company’s services  is a good way to obtain IT functionality.
27866	Client company’s IT department is willing to share workload and information with my company.
27867	We have strong partnerships with our clients.
27868	Our client is willing to partner with us to meet their future application outsourcing needs.
27869	We invest in future business application outsourcing needs of the client.
27870	Clients are concerned about outsourcing business applications to us.
27871	We invest in network infrastructure.
27872	We invest in network management tools.
27873	We offer the ability to achieve “best business practices.”
27874	We offer our clients access to the best technology.
27875	The current client engagement offers improved IT support to the end users.
27876	The current client engagement offers ability to implement IT solutions more rapidly to the end users.
27877	The current client engagement offers ability to achieve best business practices to the end users.
27878	The current client engagement offers access to best technology to the end users.
27879	Individuals who are “grounding-oriented” are more trustworthy than those who are “figural-oriented”.
27880	Individuals who are “grounding-oriented” are more honest.
27881	Individuals who are “grounding-oriented” perform tasks more effectively.
27882	Most people are honest in describing their experience and abilities.
27883	Most people tell the truth about the limits of their knowledge.
27884	Most people can be counted on to do what they say they will do.
27885	(Tom  Peter  Jane) seemed to be successful in the activities he or she undertook.
27886	I felt very confident about (Tom’s  Peter’s  Jane’s) skills.
27887	(Tom  Peter  Jane) was well qualified.
27888	(Tom’s  Peter’s  Jane’s) words were consistent with his or her actions.
27889	If (Tom  Peter  Jane) said he or she was going to do something  he or she did it.
27890	I like (Tom’s  Peter’s  Jane’s) work values.
27891	(Tom  Peter  Jane) was concerned about what was important to the team.
27892	(Tom  Peter  Jane) was concerned about whether the team gets along well.
27893	(Tom  Peter  Jane) cared about the other team members’ feelings.
27894	Other work associates of mine who might interact with (Tom  Peter  Jane) would probably consider him or her trustworthy.
27895	Given (Tom’s  Peter’s  Jane’s) track record  I see no reason to doubt his or her competence and preparation for a job.
27896	If I were a member of the team  I believe I would be able to rely on (Tom  Peter  Jane) not to make my job more difficult by careless work.
27897	This project is risky.
27898	The outcome of the project is unpredictable.
27899	The outcome of the project is uncertain.
27900	If I were a member of the team  I would be comfortable giving (Tom  Peter  Jane) complete responsibility for the completion of this project.
27901	If I were a member of the team  I would have no problem allowing (Tom   Peter  Jane) to complete a task that I am fully capable of completing myself.
27928	How would you compare this project ot other IT projects in your company: Person-months of development work.
27929	How would you compare this project ot other IT projects in your company: Project duration.
27930	How would you compare this project ot other IT projects in your company: Dollar budget.
27931	How would you compare this project ot other IT projects in your company: Project size.
27953	The design of the virtual co-creation tool helped me to get inspired.
27954	The design of the virtual co-creation tool helped me to better articulate my ideas.
27955	The design of the virtual co-creation tool helped me to get an understanding of the functionality and benefit of the new product.
27956	The design of the virtual co-creation tool helped me to make a more realistic judgment of the new product.
27957	Dealing with innovations on the Internet is stimulating.
27958	Dealing with innovations on the Internet is enjoyable.
27959	Dealing with innovations on the Internet is exciting/fun.
27960	Dealing with innovations on the Internet is interesting.
27961	This product category is very important to me.
27962	This product category is an important part in my life.
27963	I am interested to participate in further virtual NPD projects.
27964	Producers which virtually integrate consumers in NPD are trustworthy.
27965	Producers which virtually integrate consumers in NPD mean it honestly.
27966	Participation was: fun - not fun.
27967	Participation was: exciting - dull.
27968	Participation was: enjoyable - not enjoyable.
27969	I am an inventive kind of person.
27970	I consider myself to be creative and original in my thinking and behavior.
27971	I consider myself as very knowledgeable to contribute to product developments.
27972	I possess profound know-how (e.g.  concerning  technology  materials  market understanding  product design) relevant for virtual new product development.
27973	How would you rate your skills to contribute to  (virtual) new product developments  compared to a professional product developer?
27974	How would you rate your skills to contribute to  (virtual) new product developments  compared to the leisure activity you are best at?
27975	I am very curious about how things work.
27976	I like to build my own equipment/things.
27977	I like to fix and improve things.
27978	Have you ever improved existing products or ever had ideas for new products before?
27979	I had the feeling of active participation at new product development.
27980	This project gave me the feeling that I am taken seriously.
27981	With the location-based service (LBS)  I am able to get the up-to-date information/services whenever I need to.
27982	With the LBS  I am able to access the relevant information/services at the right place.
27983	With the LBS  I can get the just-in-time  information/services.
27984	With the LBS  I am able to access the relevant information/services wherever I want to.
27985	The LBS can provide me with personalized services tailored to my activity context.
27986	The LBS can provide me with more relevant information tailored to my preferences or personal interests.
27987	The LBS can provide me with the kind of information or service that I might like.
27988	Specify the extent to which you would reveal your personal information to use the LBS: willing - unwilling.
27989	Specify the extent to which you would reveal your personal information to use the LBS: unlikely - likely.
27990	Specify the extent to which you would reveal your personal information to use the LBS: not probable - probable.
27992	I feel involved when I am completing the task.
27993	I enjoyed completing the task.
27994	The role and task resemble one that I will perform in real life.
27995	The Internet store has the skills and expertise to perform transactions in an expected manner.
27996	The Internet store has access to the information needed to handle transactions appropriately.
27997	The Internet store is fair in its conduct of customer transactions.
27998	The Internet store is fair in its customer service policies following a transaction.
27999	The Internet store is open and receptive to customer needs.
28000	The Internet store makes good-faith efforts to address most customer concerns.
28001	Overall  the Internet store is trustworthy.
28002	Evaluate the length of the product design cycle time before the CPC solution was deployed.
28003	Evaluate the length of the product design cycle time after the CPC solution was deployed.
28004	Evaluate the average time it takes to communicate design changes related to product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
28005	Evaluate the average time it takes to communicate design changes related to product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
28006	Evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions related to product design and development before the CPC solution was deployed.
28007	Evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions related to product design and development after the CPC solution was deployed.
28008	Evaluate the extent (content) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
28009	Evaluate the extent (content) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
28010	Evaluate the openness to share product design information during collaborative interactions related to product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
28011	Evaluate the openness to share product design information during collaborative interactions related to product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
28012	Evaluate product quality based on the number of product design errors or defects before the CPC solution was deployed.
28013	Evaluate product quality based on the number of product design errors or defects after the CPC solution was deployed.
28014	Evaluate product quality based on the number of ECOs before the CPC solution was deployed.
28015	Evaluate product quality based on the number of ECOs after the CPC solution was deployed.
28016	Evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between product components before the CPC solution was deployed.
28017	Evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between product components after the CPC solution was deployed.
28018	Evaluate the typical number of new product design features before the CPC solution was deployed.
28019	Evaluate the typical number of new product design features after the CPC solution was deployed.
28020	Evaluate the typical extent of reuse of existing design features in the products designed before the CPC solution was deployed.
28021	Evaluate the typical extent of reuse of existing design features in the products designed after the CPC solution was deployed.
28022	Integrated processes exist to ensure that product life-cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with design before the CPC solution was deployed.
28023	Integrated processes exist to ensure that product life-cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with design after the CPC solution was deployed.
28024	Quantitative targets are used to manage projects  manage suppliers  support risk management  coordinate training  and coordinate among project stakeholders before the CPC solution was deployed.
28025	Quantitative targets are used to manage projects  manage suppliers  support risk management  coordinate training  and coordinate among project stakeholders after the CPC solution was deployed.
28026	The organization has standard practices to support its product integration strategy for developing and integrating components  and delivering the product to the customer before the CPC solution was deployed.
28027	The organization has standard practices to support its product integration strategy for developing and integrating components  and delivering the product to the customer after the CPC solution was deployed.
28028	Work products  processes  and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure that issues arising from these reviews are addressed before the CPC solution was deployed.
28029	Work products  processes  and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure that issues arising from these reviews are addressed after the CPC solution was deployed.
28030	Evaluate the number of components used in a typical product designed before the CPC solution was deployed.
28031	Evaluate the number of components used in a typical product designed after the CPC solution was deployed.
28032	Evaluate the cost of product design and prototyping before the CPC solution was deployed.
28033	Evaluate the cost of product design and prototyping after the CPC solution was deployed.
28034	Evaluate the cost of overall product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
28035	Evaluate the cost of overall product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
28036	Firms believe that the number of firms in the network is limited for strategic reasons.
28037	Firms believe that the size of the network makes it easy to know the competencies and activities of other members.
28038	To become members of the network  candidate firms must have skills/expertise that are beneficial to the existing members.
28039	To become members of the network  candidate firms must be known to  or have a prior relationship with  existing members.
28040	To become members of the network  candidate firms must demonstrate commitment to the ideals of open source software.
28041	Member firms share a sense of belonging (identity).
28042	Member firms share a common software development philosophy.
28043	Member firms share accepted ways of doing business.
28044	Member firms share a common set of goals for the network.
28045	Member firms share a sense of mutual interest.
28046	Member firms share a sense of common destiny.
28047	The reputation of a member firm would be damaged if they behaved unacceptably.
28048	Member firms may be excluded from projects if they behave unacceptably.
28049	Member firms may be expelled from the network if they behave unacceptably.
28050	Firms consider the competence and skills of other member firms before doing business with them.
28051	Firms consider the character and reliability of other member firms before doing business with them.
28052	Firms expect other members to fulfill their obligations because they are members of the network.
28053	Firms consider it important to be regarded by other members as being professionally competent.
28054	Firms consider it important to be regarded by other members as being reliable and trustworthy.
28055	Firms consider it important to fulfill their obligations to other members to maintain their reputation within the network.
28056	Information on the skills and abilities of network members is readily available.
28057	Firms find it easy to work with other network members because they are flexible and willing to adapt.
28058	Firms find it easy to work with other network members because they use common open source tools and conventions.
28059	Firms find it easy to voice their opinions in network decision making.
28060	The network has transparent routines for coordinating work between member firms.
28061	Firm use IT (e.g.  mailing lists  VoIP) to coordinate activities.
28062	Firms use face-to-face meetings to coordinate activities.
28063	The network enables seamless hand-off of tasks between member firms.
28064	The cost of interacting with other network members is low.
28065	Firms believe that opportunistic behavior by one member at the expense of other members is unlikely.
28066	Interactions between firms are based on mutual trust.
28067	Interactions between firms are guided by the ideals of the open source movement.
28068	Rules and procedures exist to deal with problems that arise between members.
28069	Network members can manage conflicts to reach compromise.
28070	Network membership is designed to enhance the reputation of member firms.
28071	The network is designed to enable members to gain access to the skills/expertise of other members.
28072	The network is designed to enable member firms to share customer contacts.
28073	The network is designed to enable member firms to compete for contracts that they couldn’t compete for on their own.
28074	The network is designed to enable member firms to gain access to the experiences/ knowledge of other members.
28075	Firms believe that their reputation outside of the network is enhanced by their membership of the network.
28076	Member firms have benefited from the skills/expertise of other members.
28077	Firms have benefited from the sharing of customer contacts with other members.
28078	Firms  in conjunction with other members  have competed for contracts that they could not have done on their own.
28107	Using the knowledge repository in my project enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
28108	Using the knowledge repository improves my project performance.
28109	Using the knowledge repository increases my productivity.
28110	Using the knowledge repository enhances my effectiveness on the project.
28111	Using the knowledge repository makes it easier to do my project.
28112	I find the knowledge repository useful in my project.
28113	This is one of the best knowledge repositories I have ever used.
28114	The knowledge downloaded from this knowledge repository is exactly what I need.
28115	This knowledge repository did not work out as well as I thought it would.
28116	I am satisfied with my decision to pay for using this knowledge repository.
28118	My choice to pay for using this knowledge repository was a wise one.
28120	I truly enjoyed this knowledge repository.
28121	I feel bad about my decision to pay for using this knowledge repository.
28123	Using this knowledge repository has been a good experience.
28125	I strongly recommend this knowledge repository to others.
28126	I am willing to pay for using this knowledge repository in the future.
28167	Knowledge and intellectual capital are viewed as key organizational assets.
28168	We invest heavily in the capture  assimilation  and dissemination of knowledge.
28169	We have ready access to expert knowledge within the organization.
28170	Organizational knowledge is codified and made available to all workers.
28171	We have processes for identifying and exploiting our knowledge stocks.
28281	IT decision-making responsibilities are centralized or application development including outsourcing.
28282	IT decision-making responsibilities are centralized for procurement of hardware and software.
28283	IT decision-making responsibilities are centralized for staffing IT positions.
28284	IT decision-making responsibilities are centralized for procurement and development of infrastructure.
28294	In our company  top managers recognize IT as a competitive weapon.
28295	In our company  top managers recognize IT as a tool to increase the productivity of clerical employees.
28296	In our company  top managers recognize IT as a tool to increase the productivity of professionals.
28297	In our company  top managers are knowledgeable about the company’s IT assets and opportunities.
28298	In our company  top managers are familiar with competitors’ strategic use of IT.
28299	In our company  top managers recognize the strategic potential of IT.
28300	In our company  top managers believe IT contributes significantly to the firm’s financial performance.
28301	In our company  top managers agree IT projects may have important intangible benefits that should be funded.
28302	IT managers regularly attend business meetings.
28303	IT managers participate in setting business goals and strategies.
28304	IT managers are involved early in meetings for major projects.
28305	The IT plan aligns with the company’s mission  goals  objectives  and strategies.
28306	The IT plan contains quantified goals and objectives.
28307	The IT plan contains detailed action plans/strategies that support company direction.
28308	We prioritize major IT investments by the expected impact on business performance.
28315	Our major IT projects have realistic and achievable resource estimates.
28316	Our major IT projects have realistic and achievable scope estimates.
28317	Our major IT projects have realistic and effective staffing plans.
28318	Our major IT projects have realistic and achievable timelines.
28319	Our major IT projects have explicit communication plans.
28325	We have often experienced difficulty implementing major IT projects because of crises that distracted attention away from implementation.
28326	We have often experienced difficulty implementing major IT projects because of unclear delineation of responsibilities and authorities.
28327	We have often experienced difficulty implementing major IT projects because of unclear statement of overall goals.
28328	We have often experienced difficulty implementing major IT projects because of implementation requiring more time than planned.
28329	We have often experienced difficulty implementing major IT projects because of a lack of clear communications among participants.
28335	IT has contributed significantly to increased market share of products/services.
28336	IT has contributed significantly to increased sales revenues.
28337	IT has successfully been used to create systems that are difficult for competitors to imitate.
28338	IT has successfully been used to create systems that are significantly different from our competitors’.
28339	IT has successfully been used to differentiate our products or services.
28355	Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in improvements in product quality/functionality.
28356	Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in major innovations in products as a whole.
28357	Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in creation of new product concepts.
28358	Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in overall development costs.
28359	Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in overall efficiencies of NPD process.
28360	Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in accelerated time-to-market.
28361	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development work unit uses the following Information Technology functionalities in the overall effectiveness of using Information Technology functionality in the New Product Development process.
28362	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development work unit uses the following Information Technology functionalities in the overall adequacy of utilizing Information Technology tools in the New Product Development  group.
28366	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the adequacy of Information Technology tools to visualize and monitor project status  task lists  and progress of workflows in the  New Product Development process.
28367	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the effectively tracking rapidly changing information to update project deliverables in real time in the New Product Development process.
28368	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the accurately providing real-time information on resource availability  usage  and cost in the New Product Development process.
28369	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the effectiveness of Information Technology tools to analyze and measure work  tasks  and resources in the New Product Development process.
28370	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the quickly prioritizing tasks and keeping deliverables on track to ensure realistic schedules in the New Product Development process.
28371	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the efficiency of Information Technology tools to create parallel workflows so that multiple tasks can be worked on simultaneously in the New Product Development process.
28372	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the representing the true availability of people  skills  and resources to enable appropriate task assignment in the New Product Development process.
28373	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the effectiveness of Information Technology tools for capturing  compiling  and coding relevant information (product/engineering data).
28374	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the project history (e.g. discussions insights work data  documents) readily accessible for reuse.
28375	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the consistency of Information Technology tools (e.g. databases content repositories) to permanently store accurate information over time.
28376	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the leveraging Information Technology tools for storing  archiving  retrieving  sharing  and reusing project information and best practices.
28377	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the creating online knowledge communities (e.g. virtual discussion forums) focused on new ideas and products.
28378	Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the sufficiency of Information Technology tools (e.g. knowledge networks) for locating relevant expertise.
28426	Which alternative is better for the organization financially? Investing now is much better - Waiting to decide is much better.
28427	Which alternative is more valuable for you as owner of the firm? Investing now is much better - Waiting to decide is much better.
28428	Which alternative is better for the organization financially? Not making the initial investment is much better - Making the initial investment is much better.
28429	Which alternative is more valuable for you as owner of the firm?  Not making the initial investment is much better - Making the initial investment is much better.
28431	A company should never invest in something that has a negative net present value.
28432	When I was evaluating whether or not to wait to decide  I thought that if I decided not to wait and to invest immediately  and the investment turned out to be a failure  I would regret incurring a potentially large loss.
28433	When I was evaluating whether or not to wait to decide  I thought that if I decided not to wait and to invest immediately  and the investment turned out to be a success  then I would feel good because I didn’t miss the positive cash flows from the first two years of the investment.
28434	When I was evaluating whether or not to wait to decide  I thought that if I decided to wait and the technology turned out to be a failure  I would feel good because I avoided a potentially large loss.
28435	When I was evaluating whether or not to wait to decide  I thought that if I decided to wait and the technology turned out to be a success  then I would regret having forfeited the first two years’ cash flows that I would have received if I had invested earlier.
28436	When I was evaluating whether or not to make the initial investment  I thought that if I decided not to make the initial investment and the follow-on application turned out to be a failure  I would feel good because I avoided a potentially large loss.
28437	When I was evaluating whether or not to make the initial investment  I thought that if I decided not to make the initial investment  then I would regret the lost opportunity to invest in the follow-on package if I later learned it would have been successful.
28438	When I was evaluating whether or not to make the initial investment  I thought that if I decided to make the initial investment and the follow-on investment turned out to be a failure  then I would regret losing the money that I would have saved if I had not made the investment.
28439	When I was evaluating whether or not to make the initial investment  I thought that if I decided to make the initial investment and the follow-on investment turned out to be a success  then I would feel good because I didn’t miss the opportunity to make a successful follow-on investment.
28459	How would you rate your business management knowledge  i.e.  your knowledge about business principles and operations  strategic management  finance  marketing  and customer management?
28460	How would you rate your entrepreneurial competence  i.e.  your capability to recognize and envision new business opportunities?
28461	How would you rate your interpersonal competence  i.e.  your capability to communicate effectively  to motivate and influence others?
28462	How would you rate your technology knowledge  i.e.  your knowledge about specific languages  applications  platforms  and tools?
28463	How would you rate your conceptual knowledge  i.e.  your knowledge about formal methods  systems theory and concepts?
28464	How would you rate your realization competence  i.e.  your knowledge about development methodology and problem solving?
28465	Which of these alternatives should be preferred as a cofounder?  Excellent technology knowledge  fair e-business competence  30% of equity held by A - Fair technology knowledge  excellent e-business competence  50% of equity held by A.
28466	Which of these alternatives should be preferred as a cofounder?  Excellent technology knowledge  fair e-business competence  30% of equity held by A - Fair technology knowledge  excellent e-business competence  50% of equity held by A.
28467	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases of this project.
28468	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases of this project.
28469	Requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those toward the end.
28470	How often is pair programming used on this team?
28471	On this team  we do our software development using pairs of developers.
28472	To what extent is programming carried out by pairs of developers on this team?
28473	Members of this team integrate newly coded units of software with existing code.
28474	We combine new code with existing code on a continual basis.
28475	Our team does not take time to combine various units of code as they are developed.
28476	Where necessary  members of this team try to simplify existing code without changing its functionality.
28477	We periodically identify and eliminate redundancies in the software code.
28478	We periodically simplify existing code.
28479	We run unit tests on newly coded modules until they  run flawlessly.
28480	Members of this team actively engage in unit testing.
28481	To what extent are unit tests run by this team?
28482	Anyone on this team can change existing code at any time.
28483	If anyone wants to change a piece of code  they need the permission of the individual(s) that coded it.
28484	Members of this team feel comfortable changing any part of the existing code at any time.
28485	We have a set of agreed upon coding standards in this team.
28486	Members of this team have a shared understanding of how code is to be written.
28487	Everyone on this team uses their own standards for coding.
28491	The performance of the team will be evaluated by the extent to which project goals have been accomplished  regardless of how the goals were accomplished.
28492	Project goals were outlined at the beginning of the  project.
28493	Significant weight will be placed upon timely project completion.
28494	Significant weight will be placed upon project quality.
28495	Significant weight will be placed upon project completion to meet client requirements.
28496	Preestablished targets are used as benchmarks for the team's performance evaluations.
28497	Tangible rewards given to the team  are (or will be) dependent on whether individuals on the team work on their own  without much direction from others.
28498	Individuals on this team are rewarded for their individual performance.
28499	Individual task performance is rewarded on this team.
28500	To what extent does the solution reflect your input?
28501	To what extent do you feel personally responsible for the correctness of the team solution?
28502	To what extent do you feel committed to the team solution?
28503	How would you describe your team's software development process? Efficient - inefficient.
28504	How would you describe your team's software development process? Coordinated - uncoordinated.
28505	How would you describe your team's software development process? Fair - unfair.
28506	How would you describe your team's software development process? Satisfying - unsatisfying.
28507	The new system will require the acquisition and installation of new hardware.
28508	The new system will require the acquisition and installation of new software.
28509	Compared to other information system projects developed in your organization  the scheduled number of person-days for completing this project is: much lower than average - much higher than average.
28510	Compared lo other information system projects developed in your organization  the scheduled number of months for completing this project is: much lower than average - much higher than average.
28511	Compared to other information system projects developed in your organization  the dollar budget allocated to this project is:  much lower than average - much higher than average.
28512	Development methodology used in this project.
28513	Development support tools used in this project (e.g.  DFD. flowcharts  ER model  CASE tools).
28514	Project management tools used in this project (e.g.  PERT charts  Gantt  diagrams  walkthroughs  project management software).
28515	Implementation tools used in this project (e.g.  programming languages  database inquiry languages  screen generators).
28516	The members of the development team are: very familiar with this type of application - unfamiliar with this type of application.
28517	Overall knowledge of organizational operations.
28518	In-depth knowledge of the functioning of user departments.
28519	Overall administrative experience and skill.
28520	Expertise in the specific application area of this system.
28521	Ability to work with undefined elements and uncertain objectives.
28522	Ability to work with top management.
28523	Ability to work effectively in a team.
28524	Ability to successfully complete a task.
28525	Ability to understand the human implications of a new information system.
28526	Ability to carry out tasks quickly.
28527	Have a positive opinion regarding the way in which the system can meet their needs.
28528	Feel they need computerized support in carrying out the tasks for which the system is developed.
28529	Are not enthusiastic about the project.
28530	Have negative attitudes regarding the use of computers in their work.
28531	Are ready to accept the various changes the system will entail.
28532	Do not actively participate in requirement definition.
28533	Are available to answer the development team's questions.
28534	Are aware of the importance of their role in successfully completing the project.
28535	Are not very familiar with information system development tasks and life cycle stages.
28536	Are an integral part of the development team.
28537	Are not very familiar with data processing as a working tool.
28538	Have little experience with the activities to be supported by the future application.
28539	Quickly respond to development team requests (for information  comments  approvals).
28540	Will have no constraints in fulfilling their development responsibilities for this system.
28541	Are not very familiar with this type of application.
28542	How would you evaluate the technical complexity of the hardware (computers  networks)?
28543	How would you evaluate the technical complexity of the software?
28544	How would you evaluate the technical complexity of the database?
28545	The development of this system will require that user tasks be modified: slightly - a great deal.
28546	In general  this system will lead to: few organizational changes - major organizational changes.
28547	The development of this system will require that user tasks be modified: slightly - a great deal.
28548	In general  this system will lead to: few organizational changes - major organizational changes.
28549	In this project  conflicts between team members: rarely occur - frequently occur.
28550	In this project  conflicts between team members: are not very serious - are very serious.
28551	In this project  conflicts between team members: concern relatively unimportant matters - concern very important matters.
28552	In this project  conflicts between the users and the team members: rarely occur - frequently occur.
28553	In this project  conflicts between the users and the team members: are not very serious - are very serious.
28554	In this project  conflicts between the users and the team members: concern relatively unimportant matters - concern very important matters.
28555	The role of each member of the project team is: clearly defined - not clearly defined.
28556	Communications between those involved in the project are: pleasant - unpleasant.
28557	The role of each person involved in the project is: clearly defined - not clearly defined.
28558	The sequence of steps to be carried out to successfully complete these activities is: easy to identify - hard to identify.
28559	Although the consequences of some activities are easy to predict  others are often unpredictable. The consequences of the activities in question are: easy to predict - hard to predict.
28560	A well-defined body of knowledge on which to base the execution of these activities: exists - does not exist.
28561	In general  one can determine whether or not the activities were successfully performed: immediately - after a long period of time.
28562	When problems arise in carrying out these activities  getting help is: easy - difficult.
28563	When carrying out these activities  problems that cannot be immediately resolved arise: rarely - frequently.
28564	Solving these problems typically requires: little time - a lot of time.
28565	In your opinion  these activities are: routine - always new.
28566	In general  carrying out these activities requires the use of: a large number of methods and procedures - a small number of methods and procedures.
28567	These rules and procedures are: rarely subject to change - frequently subject to change.
28568	Carrying out these activities requires: a large number of different steps - a small number of different steps.
28569	These activities can be performed in: many different ways - only one way.
28570	Carrying out these activities generally involves: a large number of repetitive tasks - a small number or repetitive tasks.
28571	When carrying out these activities  the extent of variety with respect to situations  actors  and tasks is: low - high.
28572	Regardless of the actors or the specific situations  the tasks and the procedures involved in carrying out these activities are: always the same - extremely varied.
28573	In carrying out these activities: there is a single objective to reach - there are multiple objectives to reach.
28574	When choosing a specific way to proceed: one knows what the result will be - one does not know what the result will be.
28575	When evaluating the way in which all of these activities were carried out  the measure of their success is based on: one criterion - several criteria.
28576	Carrying out these activities depends on the execution of: many other related activities - only a few other related activities.
28577	Customer relations.
28578	Financial health.
28579	Reputation of the information system department.
28580	Profitability.
28581	Competitive position.
28582	Organizational efficiency.
28583	Organizational image.
28584	The survival of the organization.
28585	Market share.
28586	Reputation of the user department.
28587	Ability to carry out current operations.
28588	The project team meets frequently.
28589	Project team members are kept informed about major decisions concerning  the project.
28590	Every effort is made to keep project team turnover at a minimum.
28591	Project team members actively participate in the definition of project goals and schedules.
28592	Users took on the leadership role in the development of the system.
28593	Estimating development costs was users' responsibility.
28594	Evaluating system benefits was users' responsibility.
28595	Covering unforeseen budget increases in the project was users' responsibility.
28596	Selecting the hardware/software was users' responsibility.
28597	Users played a major role in the system analysis phase of the project.
28598	Users played a major role in the system design phase of the project.
28599	Users played a major role in the implementation phase of the project.
28600	One or more users acted as liaison between the users and the project team.
28601	Ensuring project success was users' responsibility.
28602	The project team drew up a formalized agreement of the work to be done.
28603	Users were able to make changes to the formal agreements of the work to be done.
28604	The project team kept users informed concerning project progress and problems.
28605	Users formally evaluated the work done by the project team.
28606	Users formally approved the work done by the project team.
28607	Tools such as PERT or CPM are used to closely follow the project's status.
28608	Special attention is being paid to project planning.
28609	Significant resources were allocated to estimate project times and budgets.
28620	I found this information useful.
28621	This information saved me time.
28622	This information should be improved.
28623	I found the design exercise difficult.
28624	I found the design exercise took me a lot of effort.
28625	The system runs without errors  does what it is supposed to do  and the information it produces is error-free and accurate.
28626	The system is easy to use.
28627	The system enables recovery from errors  accidents  and intrusions while maintaining data security and integrity.
28628	Programming errors can be easily corrected.
28629	The system can easily be modified to meet changing requirements.
28630	The system can easily be modified to meet changing requirements.
28631	The system can easily be adapted to a new technical or organizational environment.
28632	The system performs its different functions without wasting technical resources.
28633	It is easy to test whether the system is functioning correctly.
28634	The system conforms to the specifications established  at the start of the project.
28635	The benefits that will be derived from the system exceed its cost.
28636	The system is easy to understand.
28637	Documentation exists describing how the system functions and its structure.
28638	The system performs its functions within acceptable delays.
28639	The information produced by the system is precise.
28640	The range of functions offered by the system is adequate.
28641	The information produced by the system is useful for the users.
28642	The information produced by the system is up to date.
28643	Engage a consultant to aid in the implementation of new IT.
28644	Engage a consultant to help in addressing problems.
28645	Engage a consultant to help plan for new IT.
28646	Engage a consultant to provide ongoing support for new IT.
28647	Inform IS professionals of the benefits of new IT.
28648	Educate IS professionals about new IT through classes.
28649	Attend conferences to keep informed of available new IT.
28650	Read to keep informed of available new IT.
28651	Customize education on new IT.
28652	Pressure IS professionals to use new IT.
28653	Have vendors customize new IT.
28654	Rely on IT vendors to provide solutions to problems.
28655	Pressure vendors of new IT to provide support.
28656	Work with IT vendors to improve future versions of IT.
28657	Engage the vendor to write required interfaces between IT.
28658	Coordinate communication among multiple vendors.
28659	Use a well defined IT acquisition procedure.
28660	Use a well defined IT implementation procedure.
28661	Consider only new IT successfully used by other organizations.
28662	Consider only new IT compatible with existing IT.
28663	Document the differences between new and previous IT.
28664	Work around problems without fixing them.
28665	Ignore problems.
28666	Learn new IT informally without classes.
28667	Compared to Google alone: enables me to find good information faster.
28668	Compared to Google alone: is useful for searching information on the Web.
28669	Compared to Google alone: improves my performance in Web querying.
28670	Compared to Google alone: increases my productivity in searching the Web.
28671	OO programming languages would be dominant over traditional language in IS development in the future.
28672	OO technology would be dominant over traditional technology in commercial software from vendors in the future.
28673	OO programming languages would be standard development language in IS development in the future.
28674	Overall  experiences of OO technology are accumulated in IT industry.
28675	Overall  technical experts (education  consulting and development personnel) in OO technology are abundant in the IT industry.
28676	Methodologies and tools for OO analysis  design  and development are standardized well.
28677	OO programming languages are used in development in various industrial sectors.
28678	Programming constructs of 00 programming languages are similar to that of traditional development.
28679	OO programming technique is similar to that of traditional development in module construction and its usage.
28680	Overall  OO programming is similar to traditional programming technique.
28681	Detailed design for programming is similar for OO programming languages and traditional language.
28682	It is very easy to develop new software when using 00 programming languages compared to traditional language.
28683	It is more productive in development when using 00 programming languages compared to traditional language.
28684	It is very easy to handle software modification (maintenance) requests when using OO programming languages compared to traditional language.
28685	It is more productive in maintenance when using OO programming languages compared to traditional language.
28686	It is very difficult to understand the concept of OO programming languages (class  inheritance  polymorphism  and so on).
28687	It is very difficult to learn the design and programming method of OO programming languages.
28688	It is very difficult to develop using OO programming languages.
28689	It is very difficult to be skillful in OO programming language development.
28690	CIO is interested in new technology and tries to adapt to it.
28691	CIO is actively considering the introduction of new technology to solve the organization's problem.
28692	CIO tries to keep a technological leading edge by adopting new technology early.
28693	CIO tends to take risks in decision-making of new technology introduction.
28694	Adequate education opportunities for new technology.
28695	New technology education is done for diverse areas.
28696	Education is performed in a very effective way.
28697	We are very satisfied with productivity of traditional language.
28698	We are very satisfied with flexibility and rapidity of maintenance activity of traditional language.
28699	We are very satisfied with quality of system developed with traditional language.
28700	We are very satisfied with implementing various functions of business using traditional language.
28701	Degree of OO concept application in development.
28702	Degree of OO programming methodology use.
28703	Degree of OO analysis and design methodology.
28704	I am familiar with the subject domain that I search for on the E-library.
28705	I am knowledgeable in the topic to search for on the E-library.
28706	The resources in the E-library relate well to my study.
28707	The E-library has enough resources for my study.
28708	I understand most of the terms used throughout the E-library.
28709	The use of terms throughout the E-library is consistent.
28710	The E-library commands are well depicted by buttons and symbols.
28711	The layout of the E-library screens is clear and consistent.
28712	Using the E-library would enable me to accomplish my study more effectively.
28713	Using the E-library would improve my performance in my study.
28714	Using the E-library would make it easier for me to do my assignments and prepare for the examination.
28715	I would find the E-library useful in my study.
28716	Learning to use the E-library is easy for me.
28717	My interaction with the E-library is clear and understandable.
28718	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using the E-library.
28719	I would find the E-library easy to use.
28720	Assuming that I have access to the E-library I intend to use it.
28721	I intend to increase my use of the E-library in the future.
28746	I see myself to be a corporate officer.
28747	In my organization I am seen by others as a corporate officer.
28748	I am a general business manager  not an IT specialist.
28749	I am a candidate for top line management positions.
28750	I have a high profile image in the organization.
28751	I have political as well as rational perspectives of my firm.
28752	I spend most of my time outside the IT department focusing on the strategic and organizational aspects of IT.
28753	I spend most of my time inside the IT department managing the function on a day-to-day basis.
28754	An accurate  quick customer confirmation is essential.
28755	Customers need to compare competitor's product/price/service configurations simultaneously.
28756	A large number of routine customer interactions are required per day either for receiving orders or information.
28757	A large number of routine vendor interactions are required per day either for ordering or information.
28758	Increase in multiple ordering or service sites would provide value to customers.
28759	Products can be surrounded by value-added information to customers.
28760	Consumers tastes are potentially volatile.
28761	The design integration between customer and supplier across company boundaries is complex.
28762	The process administering quality control standards is complex.
28763	Our direct and indirect labor levels are high.
28764	Our products require long complex design processes.
28765	I feel very confident about the skills of my VTL.
28766	My VTL had much knowledge about the  team project.
28767	My VTL has specialized capabilities that helped increase our performance.
28768	My VTL is well-qualified.
28769	My VTL was very capable of performing his/her tasks.
28770	My VTL showed a great  deal of integrity.
28771	I could rely on my VTL.
28772	Overall  my VTL was very trustworthy.
28773	My VTL was usually considerate of my opinions and ideas.
28774	My VTL was friendly.
28775	I have confidence in my VTL.
28776	My VTL was usually considerate of my feelings.
28777	My virtual team project leader's performance was: poor - excellent.
28778	Compared to other leaders under whom I have worked  my virtual team leader's performance was: poor - excellent.
28779	My virtual team project leader's performance as a role model was:  poor - excellent.
28780	My assessment of my project leader's managerial success is:  poor - excellent.
28781	I would rate the overall managerial effectiveness of my virtual team project leader as:  poor - excellent.
28782	He/she came up with inventive ideas.
28783	He/she experimented with new concepts and  ideas.
28784	He/she exerted influence in the virtual team.
28785	He/she ensured that I met short-term stated goals.
28786	He/she ensured that I met long-term stated goals.
28787	He/she made my role very clear.
28788	He/she clarified my priorities and directions.
28789	He/she anticipated work flow problems and avoided crisis.
28790	He/she brought a sense of order into my work.
28791	He/she was in control of his/her work.
28792	He/she compared records  reports and so on to detect any potential problems.
28793	He/she surfaced key differences among team members and then worked to participatively solve them.
28794	He/she encouraged participative decision making.
28795	He/she showed empathy and concern in dealing with me.
28796	He/she treated me in a sensitive caring way.
28797	I felt certain about how much authority I had on this virtual team.
28798	I knew what my responsibilities were on this virtual team.
28799	I knew what was expected of me on this virtual team.
28800	I felt that I had sufficient time to perform.
28801	Your ability to find out about changes or news that affected your virtual team.
28802	Your ability to get help on virtual team-related problems.
28803	Your sense of belonging to the virtual team.
28804	To what extent was faxing employed on this global project?
28805	To what extent was e-mail employed on this global project?
28806	To what extent were face-to-face meetings employed on this global project?
28807	To what extent was the telephone employed on this global project?
28808	To what extent was voice mail employed on this global project?
28809	To what extent was video conferencing employed on this global project?
28810	To what extent were conference calls employed on this global project?
28811	To what extent were web collaboration tools employed on this global project?
28820	You are satisfied with the availability of knowledge for your tasks.
28821	The available knowledge improves your effectiveness in performing your tasks.
28822	You are satisfied with the management of knowledge you need.
28823	You are satisfied with the knowledge available for the tasks in your directorate.
28824	You are satisfied with knowledge sharing among individuals at your directorate.
28825	The available knowledge improves the effectiveness of your directorate.
28826	You are satisfied with the management of knowledge at your directorate.
28827	You are satisfied with the knowledge available for various tasks across KSC.
28828	You are satisfied with knowledge sharing among various directorates at KSC.
28829	The available knowledge improves KSC's overall effectiveness.
28830	You are satisfied with the management of knowledge at KSC.
28831	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Learning by doing.
28832	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: On-the-job training.
28833	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Learning by observation.
28834	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Face-to-face meetings.
28835	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Modeling based on analogies and metaphors.
28836	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Capture and transfer of experts' knowledge.
28837	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Decision support systems.
28838	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: A problem-solving system based on a technology like case-based reasoning.
28839	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Pointers to expertise (skills  yellow pages ).
28840	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Chat groups/Web-based discussion groups.
28841	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Groupware and other team collaboration tools.
28842	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Repositories of information  best practices  and lessons learned.
28843	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Web pages (Intranet and Internet).
28844	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Databases.
28845	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Web-based access lo data.
28846	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: The use of apprentices and mentors to transfer knowledge.
28847	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Brainstorming retreats or camps.
28848	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Employee rotation across areas.
28849	Please indicate how frequently each of the following knowledge management processes and tools are used to manage knowledge at KSC: Cooperative projects across directorates.
28850	I believe that-as the lead systems analyst on the CAPS project team-I have a personal responsibility to make more information about the status of the CAPS project known to others.
28851	I believe that it is not my responsibility-as lead systems analyst-to make more information about the status of the CAPS project known to others.
28852	I believe that it is my personal duty as CAPS's lead systems analyst to tell others about the project's status.
28853	I believe that something should be done to make more Information about the status of the CAPS project known to others.
28854	I don't believe that it really matters whether more information about the status of the CAPS project is made known to others.
28855	Even if it is not me  I believe someone should tell others about the status of the CAPS project.
28864	If you went directly to Steve Rice by yourself and discussed the status of the CAPS project  how likely is it that you would suffer negative consequences?
28865	How appropriate is it for Leslie to ask you for a copy of your report notes/help?
28866	How justified would you be in refusing to give Leslie a copy of the report/help?
28867	All told  what is the likelihood you would give a copy of the report/help to Leslie?
28868	The organization thinks and plans ahead.
28869	Employees are told when a good job is done.
28870	Our group takes strong action to address poor performance.
28871	Members of our department share the same business objectives.
28872	Our collective will to win is high.
28873	When people leave our group  we stay in touch.
28874	People here do favors for others because they like one another.
28875	People in our group often socialize outside the office.
28876	People here try to make friends and try to keep their relationships strong.
28877	The organization is only interested in the work we do.
28878	Decision-making is centralized at the top.
28879	The opportunity for advancement is important to me.
28880	Working for a prestigious organization is important to me.
28881	Individual search for excellence has top priority.
28882	The pursuit of individual power is acceptable to us.
28883	Management authority should be questioned.
28884	I prefer a consultative manager.
28885	It is undesirable that authority be questioned.
28886	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: closed - open.
28887	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: rumor and intuition based - factually oriented.
28888	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: suspicious - confident.
28889	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: internally focused - externally focused.
28890	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: controlling - empowering.
28891	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: centralized - decentralized.
28892	How would you describe the attitudes and behavior relative to information in general (i.e.  all types) in your department: hierarchic - nonhierarchic.
28893	My work is often completed with staff from other departments.
28894	My work often involves sharing information with other departments.
28895	My work often involves using information from other departments.
28896	The results of my work are dependent on the efforts of people from other departments.
28897	I would feel the material/knowledge belongs to my department/task force.
28898	I would feel the material/knowledge belongs to my university/professional body.
28899	I would feel the material/knowledge belongs to me.
28900	My organization has clear rules for formatting or categorizing its product knowledge.
28901	My organization has clear rules for formatting or categorizing process knowledge.
28902	My organization uses technology that allows it to monitor its competition and business partners.
28903	My organization uses technology that allows employees to collaborate with other persons inside the organization.
28904	My organization uses technology that allows employees to collaborate with other persons outside the organization.
28905	My organization uses technology that allows people in multiple locations to learn as a group from a single source or at a single point in time.
28906	My organization uses technology that allows people in multiple locations to learn as a group from a multiple source or at multiple points in time.
28907	My organization uses technology that allows it to search for new knowledge.
28908	My organization uses technology that allows it to map the location (i.e.  an individual  specific system  or database) of specific types of knowledge.
28909	My organization uses technology that allows it to retrieve and use knowledge about its products and processes.
28910	My organization uses technology that allows it to retrieve and use knowledge about its markets and competition.
28911	My organization uses technology that allows generate new opportunities in conjunction with its partners.
28912	My organization's structure of departments and divisions inhibits interaction and sharing of knowledge.
28913	My organization's structure promotes collective rather than individualistic behavior.
28914	My organization's structure facilitates the discovery of new knowledge.
28915	My organization's structure facilitates the creation of new knowledge.
28916	My organization bases our performance on knowledge creation.
28917	My organization has a standardized reward system for sharing knowledge.
28918	My organization designs processes to facilitate knowledge exchange across functional boundaries.
28919	My organization's has a large number of strategic alliances with other firms.
28920	My organization encourages employees to go where they need for knowledge regardless of structure.
28921	My organization's structure facilitates the transfer of new knowledge across structural boundaries.
28922	My organization's employees are readily accessible.
28923	In my organization employees understand the importance of knowledge to corporate success.
28924	In my organization high levels of participation are expected in capturing and transferring knowledge.
28925	In my organization employees are encouraged to explore and experiment.
28926	In my organization on-the-job training and learning are valued.
28927	In my organization employees are valued for their individual expertise.
28928	In my organization employees are encouraged to ask others for assistance when needed.
28929	In my organization employees are encouraged to interact with other groups.
28930	In my organization employees are encouraged to discuss their work with people in other workgroups.
28931	In my organization overall organizational vision is clearly stated.
28932	In my organization overall organizational objectives are clearly stated.
28933	In my organization shares its knowledge with other organizations (e.g. partners  trade groups).
28934	In my organization the benefits of sharing knowledge outweigh the costs.
28935	In my organization senior management clearly supports the role of knowledge in our firm's success.
28936	My organization has processes for acquiring knowledge about our customers.
28937	My organization has processes for generating new knowledge from existing knowledge.
28938	My organization has processes for acquiring knowledge about our suppliers.
28939	My organization uses feedback from projects to improve subsequent projects.
28940	My organization has processes for distributing knowledge throughout the organization.
28941	My organization has processes for exchanging knowledge with our business partners.
28942	My organization has processes for interorganizational collaboration.
28943	My organization has processes for acquiring knowledge about new products/services within our industry.
28944	My organization has processes for acquiring knowledge about competitors within our industry.
28945	My organization has processes for benchmarking performance.
28946	My organization has teams devoted to identifying best practice.
28947	My organization has processes for exchanging knowledge between individuals.
28948	My organization has processes for converting knowledge into the design of new products/services.
28949	My organization has processes for converting competitive intelligence into plans of action.
28950	My organization has processes for filtering knowledge.
28951	My organization has processes for transferring organizational knowledge to individuals.
28952	My organization has processes for absorbing knowledge from individuals into the organization.
28953	My organization  has processes for absorbing knowledge from business partners into the organization.
28954	My organization has processes for distributing knowledge throughout the organization.
28955	My organization has processes for integrating different sources and types of knowledge.
28956	My organization has processes for organizing knowledge.
28957	My organization has processes for replacing outdated knowledge.
28958	My organization has processes for applying knowledge learned from mistakes.
28959	My organization has processes for applying knowledge learned from experiences.
28960	My organization has processes for using knowledge in development of new products/services.
28961	My organization has processes for using knowledge to solve new problems.
28962	My organization matches sources of knowledge to problems and challenges.
28963	My organization uses knowledge to improve efficiency.
28964	My organization uses knowledge to adjust strategic direction.
28965	My organization is able to locate and apply knowledge to changing competitive  conditions.
28966	My organization makes knowledge accessible to those who need it.
28967	My organization takes advantage of new knowledge.
28968	My organization quickly applies knowledge to critical competitive needs.
28969	My organization quickly links sources of knowledge in solving problems.
28970	My organization has processes to protect knowledge from inappropriate use inside the organization.
28971	My organization has processes to protect knowledge from inappropriate use outside the organization.
28972	My organization has processes to protect knowledge from theft from within the organization.
28973	My organization has processes to protect knowledge from theft from outside the organization.
28974	My organization has incentives that encourage the protection of knowledge.
28975	My organization has technology that restricts access to some sources of knowledge.
28976	My organization has extensive policies and procedures for protecting trade secrets.
28977	My organization values and protects knowledge embedded in individuals.
28978	My organization knowledge that is restricted is clearly identified.
28979	My organization clearly communicates the importance of protecting knowledge.
28980	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to innovate new products/services.
28981	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to identify new business opportunities.
28982	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to coordinate the development efforts of different units.
28983	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its  ability to anticipate potential market opportunities for new products/services.
28984	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its  ability to rapidly commercialize new innovations.
28985	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to adapt quickly to unanticipated changes.
28986	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its  ability to  anticipate surprises and crises.
28987	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to quickly adapt its goals and objectives to industry/market changes.
28988	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to decrease market response times.
28989	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to react to new information about the industry or market.
28990	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to be responsive to new market demands.
28991	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to avoid overlapping development of corporate initiatives.
28992	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to streamline its internal processes.
28993	Over the past two years  my organization has improved its ability to reduce redundancy of information and knowledge.
29003	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for representing objects  relationships  and processes?
29004	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for analyzing objects  relationships  and processes?
29005	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for  executing planning or design tasks thereby substituting for a human designer or planner?
29006	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for  planning for and enforcement of rules and policies that govern the activities of the project?
29007	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for helping members with the understanding and use of planning and design aids?
29008	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for  exchanging information related to planning or design tasks among project members?
29009	To what extent has the project used planning and design aids for  providing portability of skills  knowledge  procedures  or methods across planning or design processes?
29010	The basic goals of this project were clear for all of us.
29011	The goals of the project were in line with the general goals of the organization.
29012	I was enthusiastic about the chances for success of this project.
29013	The results of the project benefited the organization.
29014	I could identify the benefits to the organization of the success of this project.
29015	Top management supported the project in crises.
29016	Top management was responsive to our requests for additional resources.
29017	Top management granted us the necessary authority and supported our decisions concerning the project.
29018	Top management shared responsibility with the project for ensuring the project's success.
29019	I agreed with top management on the degree of my authority and responsibility for the project.
29020	Compared to most other IS projects in our organization  our project was better than most in identifying problems.
29021	Compared to most other IS projects in our organization  our project was better than most in defining problems.
29022	Compared to most other IS projects in our organization  our project was better than most in generating alternative solutions.
29023	Compared to most other IS projects in our organization  our project was better than most in reviewing alternatives.
29024	Compared to most other IS projects in our organization  our project was better than most in evaluating options.
29025	Compared to others in the firm at the same level in the same specialty area  please rate members of the project in terms of native intellectual ability.
29026	Compared to others in the firm at the same level in the same specialty area  please rate members of the project in terms of quality of academic education.
29027	How did your IS project rate on quality of produced work?
29028	How did your IS project rate on effectiveness of interactions with consultants?
29029	How did your IS project rate on ability to meet its goals?
29030	How did your IS project rate on amount of produced work?
29031	How did your IS project rate on adherence to schedules?
29032	How did your IS project rate on adherence to budgets?
29033	How did your IS project rate on efficiency of operations?
29034	Generally speaking  members of our project were very satisfied with their work.
29035	The members were generally satisfied with the kind of work they did in this project.
29036	Members frequently thought of quitting the project.
29037	The outcome of the project added value to business operations.
29038	The Internet provides the precise information I need.
29039	The Internet provides up-la-date information.
29040	The Internet is user friendly.
29041	The Internet is accurate.
29042	The information content on the Internet meets my needs.
29043	Using the Internet would increase my productivity on the job.
29044	Spontaneous.
29045	Imaginative.
29046	Flexible.
29047	Creative.
29048	Using Internet search engines  such as Yahoo  Infoseek.
29049	Downloading files from the Internet.
29050	Creating Web pages.
29051	Accessing the Internet.
29052	Vendors or outside consultants.
29053	In-house company courses.
29054	By a fellow worker.
29055	Self-study; self-taught.
29056	To what extent IS there a defined body of knowledge that can guide you in doing your work?
29057	To what extent is there a understandable sequence of steps that can be followed in doing your work?
29058	To what extent can you actually rely on established procedures and practices to do your work?
29059	To what extent are your tasks the same day-to-day?
29116	I am familiar with the process of searching for books [reconciling transactions] on Amazon.
29117	I am familiar with buying books [paying bills online] at Amazon.
29118	I am familiar with inquiring about book ratings [account information] on Amazon.
29119	Overall  I am familiar with Amazon.
29120	I intend on using Amazon for some of my future purchases [banking transactions].
29121	I am inclined to purchase Amazon's goods and services.
29122	I am likely to utilize the services provided by Amazon.
29123	Amazon has the skills and  expertise to perform transactions in an expected manner.
29124	Amazon has access to the information needed to handle transactions appropriately.
29125	Amazon has the ability to meet most customer needs.
29126	Amazon is fair in its conduct of customer transactions.
29127	Amazon is fair in its use of private user data collected during a transaction.
29128	Amazon is fair in its customer service policies following a transaction.
29129	Amazon is open and receptive to customer needs.
29130	Amazon keeps its customers' best interest in mind during most transactions.
29131	Amazon makes good-faith efforts to address most customer concerns.
29132	Overall  Amazon is trustworthy.
29134	Using telemedicine technology fits with the way I work.
29135	Using telemedicine technology does not fit with my practice preferences.
29136	Using telemedicine technology fits with my service needs.
29137	People who influence my clinical behavior think that I should use telemedicine technology.
29138	People who are important to my health-care services think that I should not use telemedicine technology.
29139	People who are important in assessing my patient care and management think that I should not use telemedicine technology.
29140	Learning to operate telemedicine technology would not be easy for me.
29141	I would find it easy to get telemedicine technology to do what I need it to do in my patient care and management.
29142	It is not easy for me to become skillful in using telemedicine technology.
29143	I find telemedicine technology easy to use.
29144	Using telemedicine technology cannot improve my patient care and management.
29145	Using telemedicine technology cannot enhance my effectiveness in patient care and management.
29146	Using telemedicine technology can make my patient care and management easier.
29147	I would find telemedicine technology not useful tor my patient care and management.
29148	I would have the ability to use telemedicine technology In my patient care and management.
29149	Using telemedicine technology would be entirely within my control.
29150	I would not have the knowledge to make use of telemedicine technology in my patient care and management.
29151	I would have the resources (including training) to make use of telemedicine technology in my patient care and management.
29152	Using telemedicine technology in patient care and management is a good idea.
29153	Using telemedicine technology in patient care and management is unpleasant.
29154	Using telemedicine technology is beneficial to my patient care and management.
29155	I intend to use telemedicine technology for patient care as often as needed.
29156	Whenever possible  I intend not to use telemedicine technology for patient care.
29157	To the extent possible  I would use telemedicine technology in my patient care frequently.
29162	My feedback is reflected in subsequent versions.
29163	The software team is responsive to my requests regarding software functionality.
29164	SW suggestion line is responsive to suggested system resign issues.
29165	SW suggestion line is responsive to bug correction.
29166	SW suggestion line is responsive to input.
29167	The software is dependable.
29168	I trust the output from the software.
29169	I can trust the results obtained with the software.
29170	The software is reliable.
29171	I believe that the software team will be ready and willing to assist and support me.
29172	The software team has gone out on a limb for me.
29173	The software team can be counted on to do what is right.
29174	The software team expresses willingness to help.
29175	Even if I had the option not to  I would use the software very often.
29176	Even if I had the option not to  I would use SW on a daily basis.
29177	If I could choose  I would go back to the old system all the time.
29178	Even if it were not company policy I would still use SW.
29179	The process of supervising  influencing  leading  and controlling people at all levels.
29180	To be in charge of a whole organization.
29181	To rise to a high position in general management.
29182	Using my skills to make the world a better place to live and work in.
29183	Being able to use my skills and talents in the service of an important cause.
29184	I want a career in which I can be committed and devoted to an important cause.
29185	Developing a career that permits me to continue to pursue my own lifestyle.
29186	A career is worthwhile only if it enables me to lead my life in my own way.
29187	Choosing and maintaining a certain lifestyle is more important than career success.
29188	Remaining in one geographic area rather than moving because of a promotion.
29189	It is more important for me to remain in my present geographic location than to receive a promotion or new job assignment in another location.
29190	Remaining in my specialized area as opposed to being promoted out of my area of expertise.
29191	Remaining in my area of expertise throughout my career.
29192	I will accept a management position only if it is in my area of expertise.
29193	Working on problems that are almost insoluble.
29194	The only real challenge in my career has been confronting and solving tough problems  no matter what area they are in.
29195	I feel successful only if I am constantly challenged by a tough problem or a competitive situation.
29196	Building a new business enterprise.
29197	I am always on the lookout for ideas that would permit me to start and build my own enterprise.
29198	I have always wanted to start and build up a business of my own.
29199	An employer who will provide security through guaranteed work  benefits  and a good retirement program.
29200	An organization that will give me long-run stability.
29201	The chance to do things my own way and not to be constrained by the rules of an organization.
29202	A career that is free from organizational restrictions.
29203	I do not want to be constrained by either an organization or the business world.
29204	I am satisfied with the success I have achieved in my career.
29205	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my overall career goals.
29206	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting  my goals for income.
29207	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my goals for advancement.
29208	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my goals for the development of new skills.
29209	I think a lot about leaving this organization.
29210	I am actively searching for an acceptable alternative to this  organization.
29211	When I can  I will leave the organization.
29212	I enjoyed using this idea-generation technique.
29213	While using this idea-generation technique I felt comfortable.
29214	Using this idea-generation technique was fun.
29215	I felt frustrated by this idea-generation technique.
29216	On the whole  I felt very comfortable with this idea-generation technique  and would be willing to use it again.
29217	At least one classmate in my group used up most of the discussion time without contribution.
29218	At least one classmate in my group dominated the discussion without making relevant comments.
29219	At least one classmate in my group participated much more than other classmates but in an unproductive manner.
29220	I found it difficult to understand my classmates' comments in English.
29221	I found it difficult to communicate with my classmates in English.
29222	I found it difficult to contribute my ideas in English during the discussion.
29223	My classmates helped me to develop ideas.
29224	I assisted my classmates to understand my ideas.
29225	I assisted my classmates to develop ideas.
29226	A shared policy within the harbor area is positive for your organization.
29227	A shared policy within the harbor area is positive for the environment.
29228	The placement of pipelines is positive for your organization.
29229	The placement of pipelines is positive for the environment.
29230	In the long term  investments in pipelines have positive economical consequences.
29231	In the long term  investments in pipelines have positive environmental consequences.
29232	The cooperation in the group was efficient.
29233	There is a sense of unity in this group.
29234	The members of this group form a unity.
29235	Despite the differences between the members  the group develops its own identity.
29236	I am very satisfied with the method that has been used during the meeting.
29237	My overall judgment of the method that has been used during the meeting is: positive - negative.
29238	The influence of the method that has been used during the meeting on the decision-making process was:  positive - negative.
29239	The influence of the method that has been used during the meeting on the quality of the deliberation in the group was: positive-negative.
29240	The influence of the method that has been used during the meeting on the atmosphere in the group was: positive - negative.
29241	I rate the quality of the method that has been used during the meeting with the number 1-10.
29242	I accept the outcome of this meeting.
29243	The decision that has been made during this meeting is the right one.
29244	I am satisfied with the results of this meeting.
29245	I rate the result of this negotiation with the number 1 -10.
29246	The facilitator's knowledge was sufficient to guide the content of the process.
29247	The process of the meeting has been guided effectively.
29248	The facilitator's influence on the process of the meeting: was positive - negative.
29249	The process we used was: extremely fulfilling - extremely unfulfilling.
29250	This was a boring session.
29251	We really accomplished something here today.
29252	It felt like we won.
29253	I did not enjoy myself.
29254	Increased understanding of basic concepts.
29255	Learned factual material.
29256	Learned to identify central issues.
29257	To be honest  I just took it easy and let the other members of the group do most of the discussing
29258	How satisfied are you with your own performance on this task?
29259	How much do you feel you participated in idea generation?
29260	When I thought of an idea  I: could express it immediately - had to wait to express it.
29261	Did you express your ideas: soon after you thought of them - after waiting awhile.
29262	I got my ideas out as soon as they occurred to me.
29263	In today's discussion  I felt as though others took advantage of the fact that I was willing to participate and they did not participate themselves.
29264	I had to do more than my fair share of the discussion because others were not willing to participate.
29265	Certain members of the group did not participate as much as tbey should have.
29266	To what extent were the people in this work group helpful to you in getting the job done?
29267	To what extent do you trust the members of this work group?
29268	To what extent do you look forward to being with this work group?
29269	The members of my work group view my ideas as: not at all valuable - highly valuable.
29270	In regard to offering contributions to the discussion  I was: very apprehensive - not at all apprehensive.
29271	There were times when I refrained from participating because I felt others might not accept my ideas.
29272	When employees need specific information  they know who will have it.
29273	Management monitors important organizational performance variables.
29274	Management proactively addresses problems.
29275	Top management integrates information from different organizational areas.
29276	Employees are keenly aware of where their knowledge can serve the company.
29277	Employees use electronic means to communicate.
29278	Employees have a large variety of communications tools (telephone  a-mail  Internet  and so on) from which to choose.
29279	Employees are encouraged to communicate clearly.
29280	The company collects data on all facets of performance.
29281	The company stores detailed information for guiding operations.
29282	There is a formal data management function in the company.
29283	Management encourages the use of frameworks and models to assist in decision-making.
29284	The company develops experts from within.
29285	Management learns from the company's partners (such as  customers  suppliers  allies).
29286	Management assigns employees to other parts of the organization for cross training.
29287	Management learns new things about the company by direct observation.
29288	Employees make extensive use of IS to support their work.
29289	The company makes extensive use of electronic storage (such as  databases  data warehousing  scanned documents).
29290	The company is slow to react to technological change.
29291	Employees retrieve archived information when making decisions.
29292	Employees keep information (such as  numbers  plans  ideas) from other employees.
29293	Our employees resist changing to new ways of doing things.
29294	Employees learn about the company's recent developments through informal means (such as news stories and gossip).
29295	The company acquires subunits (such as  organizations  functions  departments) based on short-term financial gain.
29296	The company hires highly specialized or knowledgeable personnel.
29297	The company maintains a certain mix of skills among its pool of employees.
29298	Management ignores the strategies of competitor's top management.
29299	When internal capabilities are deficient  we acquire them from the outside.
29300	I intend to quit.
29301	I am thinking about quitting.
29302	I am willing to put in a great deal of effort beyond that normally expected in order to help this organization be successful.
29303	I talk up this organization to my friends as a great organization to work for.
29304	I feel very little loyalty to this organization.
29305	I find that my values and the organization's values are very similar.
29306	I am proud to tell others that I am part of this organization.
29307	This organization really  inspires the very best in me in the way of job performance.
29308	I am extremely glad that I chose this organization to work for over others  I was considering at the time I joined.
29309	I really care about the fate of this organization.
29310	For me this is the best of  all possible organizations for which to work.
29311	Generally speaking  I am very satisfied with this job.
29312	I am generally satisfied with the kind of work I do.
29313	How much autonomy is there in your job? That is  to what extent does your job permit you to decide on your own how to go about doing the work?
29314	The job denies me any chance to use my personal initiative or judgment in carrying out the work.
29315	The job gives me considerable opportunity for independence and freedom in how I do the work.
29316	To what extent does the job itself provide you with information about your work performance? That is  does the actual work provide clues about how well you are doing—aside from any  feedback  coworkers and supervisors may provide?
29317	Just doing the work required by the job provides many chances for me to figure out how well I am doing.
29318	The job itself provides very few clues about whether or not I am performing well.
29319	How much variety is there in your job? That is  to what extent does the job require you to do many different things at work  using a variety of skills and talents?
29320	The job requires me to use a number of complex or high-level skills.
29321	The job is quite simple and repetitive.
29322	In general  how significant or important is your job? That is  are the results of your work likely to significantly affect the lives or well-being of other people.
29323	This job is one where a lot of other people can be affected by how well the work gets done.
29324	The job itself is not very significant or important in the broader scheme of things.
29325	To what extent does your job involve a whole and identifiable niece of work? That is  is the job a complete piece of work that has an obvious beginning and end? Or is it a small part of the overall piece of work  which is finished by other people or automatic machines?
29326	The job is arranged so I do not have the chance to do an entire piece of work from beginning to end.
29327	The job provides me with a chance to completely finish the pieces of work I begin.
29328	All things considered  my pay is fair compared to what IT people get in private industry.
29329	I feel that in recent years  the state has made my pay rate more fair compared to the private sector.
29330	I have many alternative job opportunities including some that are different from what I do now.
29331	There are many jobs available similar to mine.
29332	I can find another job doing exactly what I am doing now.
29345	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource thinking about the impact this project will have on end user productivity.
29346	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource forecasting  with input from the line managers  how much the choices will affect the amount of work employees can handle.
29347	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource projecting the effect this project will have on the quality of employees' work.
29348	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource thinking about the effect this will have on the quality of the employees' work.
29349	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource projecting the benefits of more timely decisions that result because of this project.
29350	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource mulling over how much these options will help end users make quicker decisions.
29351	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource thinking about the amount and the cost of training that end users will need.
29352	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource estimating the expense of training the users.
29353	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource considering whether this decision will consolidate or eliminate jobs.
29354	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource quantifying the possible savings from head count reductions.
29355	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource considering the impact that the users' leaming curve will have on productivity.
29356	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource projecting the decrease in performance due to the employees' learning curve.
29357	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource considering the time managers will need to spend overseeing the change.
29358	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource calculating the extra time managers will need to spend managing this change.
29359	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource evaluating if we have the technical skills to implement and support the options.
29360	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource assessing the need for additional corequisite hardware (such as memory upgrades  and so on) or software.
29361	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource investigating the ability to expand or modify our option to meet changing requirements.
29362	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource evaluating the performance and capacity characteristics.
29363	In my organization  we would spend: no effort/resource - an extraordinary amount of effort/resource evaluating how easily the options can be integrated with our existing systems.
29364	Would the dollar impact on cash flow be easy or difficult to determine?
29365	CVs are competent in their field.
29366	CVs are knowledgeable concerning their products.
29367	Promises made by CV are reliable.
29368	CVs do not make false claims.
29369	CVs are open in dealing with us.
29370	I believe that CV will be ready and willing to assist and support us.
29371	CV has gone out on a limb for us.
29372	CV has made sacrifices for us in the past.
29373	CV personnel have a similar lifestyle to ours.
29374	The appearance of CV personnel is similar to ours.
29375	CV personnel have similar values as ours.
29376	CV has quality certifications from credited institutions.
29377	CV has impressive credentials.
29378	CVs software enables me to accomplish tasks faster.
29379	CV's software enhances my effectiveness on the job.
29380	CV's software makes it easier to do my job.
29381	CV's software increases my productivity.
29382	CV is worth its price.
29383	We are getting our money's worth from CV.
29384	CV's software is flexible to interact with.
29385	Our interaction with CV's software is clear and understandable.
29386	I find it easy to get CV's software to do what I want it to do.
29387	Extent to which the business processes interfaces with <Partner Organization> are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners  in terms of rules and procedures.
29388	Extent to which the business processes interfaces with <Partner Organization> are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners  in terms of data formats.
29389	Extent to which information exchanged (e.g.  sales reporting  product information  product availability  inventory information  etc.) with <Partner Organization> needs to be converted/translated to be interpreted by your company.
29390	The processes conducted in conjunction with <Partner Organization> are divided into clearly understood activities to be performed by you and <Partner Organization>.
29391	The output requirements of <Partner Organization> from your company and your requirements from <Partner Organization> are precisely specified and understood.
29392	The activities performed by your company and <Partner Organization> are performed simultaneously to a large extent.
29393	The extent to which you can exchange data in electronic formats with <Partner Organization> and other similar partners.
29394	The extent to which you can exchange data in real time with <Partner Organization> and other similar partners.
29395	The extent to which data exchange is structured (rather than free format exchange such as e-mail text).
29396	Assess your company's ability to rapidly phase out old products and introduce new ones in conjunction with  <Partner Organization> in comparison with industry norms.
29397	Assess your company's ability to rapidly respond to change in demanded product volumes in conjunction with <Partner Organization> in comparison with industry norms.
29398	If an eligible new partner were to be available that you wanted to do business with  how easy would it be to replace <Partner Organization> with new partner  in terms of making the required organizational changes?
29399	How would you rate the information exchanged with <Partner Organization> in terms of its relevancy to your business needs  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
29400	How would you rate the information exchanged with <Partner Organization> in terms of its value-added \o your business needs  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
29401	How would you rate the information exchanged with <Partner Organization> in terms of its timeliness  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
29402	How would you rate the information exchanged with <Partner Organization> in terms of its completeness  compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
29403	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange details of upcoming product or service related changes?
29404	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange future plans (such as promotion and marketing plans  long-term production plans  capital investments  capacity  utilization  etc.)?
29405	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange information related to market demand trends and forecasts?
29406	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange information on demand shifts and changes in customer preferences?
29407	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange information related to changes in supply chain structure—such as addition or dropping of partner companies  mergers   and alliances?
29408	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange information about each other's internal processes?
29409	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange process information needed to support changes in product features or volumes?
29410	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange information on internal operating parameters (such as inventory levels  product availability  production volumes  etc.)?
29411	Do you and <Partner Organization> exchange information related to changes in information content (such as catalog information  technical specifications  part numbers  etc.)?
29412	Do you exchange feedback with <Partner Organization> related to each other's performance vis-i-vis expectations?
29413	Do you exchange information with <Partner Organization> on how to improve coordination at the interface with each other?
29414	Do you exchange information with <Partner Organization> to help each other adjust your processes and information formats?
29415	Ability to derive inferences from past events (such as process exceptions  patterns of demand shifts  effects of different company responses).
29416	Ability to retain experiences through people's memory  information systems  organization routines  and so on  about supply chain events.
29417	Knowledge of skills  competencies  and value added by <Partner Organization>.
29418	Knowledge of formats required to exchange information with <Partner Organization>.
29419	Knowledge of how to coordinate with partners  partner process interfaces  and process dependencies on <Partner Organization>.
29420	How well does your company understand how process changes made in conjunction with <Partner Organization> affect overall output product and service performance?
29421	How well does your company understand how information flows and content changes made in conjunction with <Partner Organization> affect output product and service performance?
29422	How well does your company understand what process changes need to be made in conjunction with <Partner Organization> to achieve specific business goals?
29423	How well does your company understand what information flow and content changes need to be made in conjunction with <Partner Organization> to achieve specific business goals?
29424	To complete the shopping task  using this Web site was very frustrating.
29425	To complete the shopping task  using this Web site took too much time.
29426	To complete the shopping task  using this Web site required too much effort.
29427	To complete the shopping task  using this Web site was too complex.
29428	To complete the shopping task  using this Web site was easy.
29429	It is easy for me to move to the target page.
29430	It is convenient for me to look for detailed product information.
29431	I would dislike/like using a Web site built upon this model to perform similar shopping activities.
29432	Using a Web site built upon this model to perform similar shopping activities would be pleasant/unpleasant.
29433	The objective(s) of the purchase decision were clear to me.
29434	It was easy for me to get relevant quantitative (price  taxes  etc.) information needed to make the purchase.
29435	It was easy for me to get relevant qualitative (quality  usefulness  etc.) information needed to make the purchase.
29436	I believe it was possible to identify various alternatives.
29437	It was easy for me to establish criteria (such as where  when  or price) to make the purchase decision.
29438	With the information I had  I was able to narrow down my choices.
29439	I believe that it was possible for me to evaluate the various alternatives.
29440	Evaluation of the various alternatives did not take me very long.
29441	It was an easy decision to pick the best alternative.
29442	Overall  I was satisfied with this online experience.
29443	I strongly recommend shopping online to others.
29444	It was possible for me to buy the product of my choice easily.
29445	Only those who depend on themselves get ahead in life.
29446	Working with a group is better than working alone.
29447	In the long run  the only person you can count on is yourself.
29448	I feel that winning is important in both work and games.
29449	A group is more productive when its members follow their own interests and concerns.
29450	Success is the most important thing in life.
29451	Given the choice  I would rather do a job where I can work alone than do a job where I have to work with others in a group.
29452	A group is most efficient when its members do what they think is best rather than doing what the group wants them to do.
29453	Doing your best is not enough; it is important to win.
29454	I prefer to work with others in a group rather than working alone.
29455	To be superior  a person must stand alone.
29456	Winning is everything.
29457	It annoys me when other people perform better than I do.
29458	A group is more productive when its members do what they want to do rather than what the group wants them to do.
29459	I exchanged accurate information with my teammates to solve a problem together.
29460	I tried to investigate an issue with my team members to find a solution acceptable to us.
29461	I tried to bring all our concerns out in the open so that the issues could be resolved in the best possible way.
29462	I tried to work with my team members to find solutions to a problem that satisfy our expectations.
29463	I collaborated with my teammates to come up with decisions acceptable to us.
29464	I always felt free to voice my comments during the meeting.
29465	Other members appeared to have felt free to make positive and negative comments.
29466	Everyone had a chance to express his or her opinion.
29467	Team members responded to the comments made by others.
29468	The group members seemed to participate actively.
29469	Overall  it is my opinion that the team members had the freedom to participate in the meeting.
29470	The decision made by my group is practical.
29471	The decision made by my group is fair.
29472	I am confident that the final decision we came up with is the best decision.
29473	I feel that the quality of the group's decision would have positive effects on the performance of the university.
29474	Overall  it is my opinion that our final decision is of high quality.
29475	I believe my contribution to be significant in our group's arriving at the final decision.
29476	Our group was able to reach a consensual solution without any major conflict.
29477	I feel that the group members converged on the final decision.
29478	The decision-making process of the group was complete.
29479	The progress of the group toward the stated goals of the task was satisfactory.
29480	Overall  as a member of our team  I am satisfied with the process I employed in arriving at the final solution.
29481	Overall  I am satisfied with the solution process our group employed to arrive at the final decision.
29482	We share high performance expectations.
29483	There is group concern over quality performance.
29484	Our individual styles are compatible.
29485	There is a relaxed atmosphere.
29486	Arguments carry on too long.
29487	Some members interrupt when another is speaking.
29488	There is conflict and hostility among  members.
29489	Some act like they  know it all .
29490	One or two members tend to dominate the discussion.
29491	One or two members are stubborn in their viewpoints.
29492	We delegate our group work.
29493	We organize our time well.
29494	We are willing to meet on our own time.
29495	We organize our communication according to available time.
29496	We identify the functions necessary for successful completion of group projects.
29497	Some members respond only when asked.
29498	In our discussions  we drift off the point.
29499	Some take our group work too lightly.
29500	Some members appear to withhold questions.
29501	Sometimes people with good ideas do not seem to speak up.
29502	One or two members pretend to be prepared when they are really not.
29503	Some members of the group do not disagree for fear of what the others might think.
29504	Everyone participates.
29505	Everyone has a chance to express their opinion.
29506	We listen to each individual's input.
29507	Members feel free to make positive and negative comments.
29508	Even though we do not have total agreement  we do reach a kind of consensus that we all accept.
29509	We are comfortable with the roles that we play in the group.
29510	Our organization shares a substantial amount of strategic information  such as production schedules  cost structures and so forth  with the vendor.
29511	Our organization shares only the minimum transactional information  such as contact information  with the vendor  necessary to complete the transaction.
29512	Our organization is extremely restrained with regard to sharing strategic firm information  such as production schedules  cost structures  and so forth  with the vendor.
29518	The client uses uniquely built or customized  rather than canned or generic  applications to facilitate information exchanges with the vendor.
29519	The applications that are used to facilitate information exchanges with the vendor can be described on a scale from generic to customized
29520	The potential financial costs involved in switching to a new vendor are significant.
29521	The physical effort involved in switching to a new vendor would be minimal.
29522	Prior investments in time and money in establishing the relationship with the vendor were significant.
29523	The client has realized substantial improvements in tangible performance outcomes  that is  things that are easily measurable or discernible.
29524	The client's overall economic situation has improved as a result of its relationship with the vendor.
29525	The client has realized substantial improvements in intangible performance outcomes   that is  things that are not easily measurable or discernible.
29534	Extent Web applications electronically integrated with back-office systems.
29535	Extent company databases electronically integrated with suppliers and partners.
29536	Degree affected by competitors in the local market.
29537	Degree affected by competitors nationwide.
29538	Degree affected by competitors worldwide.
29539	Government provided incentive.
29540	Required for government purchase.
29541	Business laws support electronic business.
29542	Legal protection for consumer purchase on the Internet.
29543	Sales increased.
29544	Sales area widened.
29545	Customer service improved.
29546	International sales increased.
29547	Internal processes more efficient.
29548	Staff productivity increased.
29549	Transaction costs with business partners decreased.
29550	Coordination with business partners or suppliers improved.
29635	Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of IT tools to describe and redefine product structures configurations and routines in the new product development process.
29636	Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of IT tools (e.g. whiteboards presentation features) to manipulate the format of contributions in the new product development process.
29637	Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequately using IT tools (e.g. multithreaded discussions) to add new meaning to existing knowledge in the new product development process.
29638	Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of IT tools (e.g.  transformation functions) to create meaning to information by changing its form in the new product development process.
29639	Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of IT tools (e.g.  application and desktop sharing) for simultaneously working together in real time in the new product development process.
29640	Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of IT tools (e.g.  collaborative design tools) for seamless virtual product design reviews in the new product development process.
29777	Using the application development methodology improves my job performance.
29778	Using the application development methodology increases my productivity.
29779	Using the application development methodology enhances the quality of my work.
29780	Using the application development methodology makes it easier to do my job.
29781	The advantages of using the application development methodology outweigh the disadvantages.
29782	The application development methodology is useful ill my job.
29783	Learning the application development methodology was easy for me.
29784	I think the application development methodology is clear and understandable.
29785	Using the application development methodology does not require a lot of mental effort.
29786	I find  the application development methodology easy to use.
29787	The application development methodology is not cumbersome to use.
29788	Using the application development methodology does not take too much time from my normal duties.
29789	People who influence my behavior think I should use the application development methodology.
29790	People who are important to me think I should use the application development methodology.
29791	Coworkers think I should use the application development methodology.
29792	The application development methodology is compatible with the way I develop systems.
29793	Using the application development methodology is compatible with all aspects of my work.
29794	Using the application development methodology fits well with the way I work.
29795	Although it may be helpful  using the application development methodology is certainly not compulsory in my job.
29796	My supervisor does not require me to use the application development methodology.
29797	My use of the application development methodology is voluntary.
29798	I intend to use the application development methodology in the future for my work.
29799	Given the opportunity  I would use the application development methodology.
29800	Which Web interface is more helpful for you to judge whether the watch is comfortable to wear?
29801	Which Web interface is more helpful for you to judge the watch's appearance?
29802	Which Web interface is more helpful for you to judge the watch's functionality?
29803	Which Web interface is more helpful for you to judge the watch's accuracy?
29804	Which Web interface is more helpful in familiarizing you with the watch?
29805	Which Web interface is more helpful in influencing your overall evaluation of the watch?
29806	Which interface gave you less control over your interaction?
29807	With which interface was your imagination aroused more when examining the product?
29808	Interacting with which interface made you more curious?
29809	With which interface did you think more about unrelated things when examining the product?
29810	With which interface was examining products more intrinsically interesting?
29811	With which interface were you more bored when examining the product?
29812	With which interface were you more absorbed in what you were doing?
29813	With which interface did you have more control when examining the product?
29814	With which interface were you distracted more by unrelated things when examining the product?
29815	With which interface was your curiosity excited more by examining the product?
29816	Which interface was more fun for you to use?
29817	The brand name and trademark in this experiment influenced my answers to the questions.
29823	We do a remarkable job of developing new products.
29824	This product development group gives us an edge in the market.
29825	Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the frequency of determining market characteristics and trends relative to your major competitors.
29826	Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the regularity of appraising competitors and their products—both existing and potential relative to your major competitors.
29827	Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the execution of several test-marketing programs in line with commercialization plans relative to your major competitors.
29828	Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the evaluation of the technical feasibility of developing new products with continuously changing features relative to your major competitors.
29829	Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in recurrently evaluating tests to determine basic performance against shifting technical specifications relative to your major competitors.
29830	Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the frequency of executing prototypes or sample product testing relative to your major competitors.
29831	Management effectively monitors the progress of this new product development group.
29832	Management actively involved in activities at the working level.
29833	Management effectively administers relevant tasks and functions.
29834	Our organization members are satisfied by the degree of collaboration.
29835	Our organization members are supportive.
29836	Our organization members are helpful.
29837	There is a willingness to collaborate across organizational units within our organization.
29838	There is a willingness to accept responsibility for failure.
29839	Our company members are generally trustworthy.
29840	Our company members have reciprocal faith in other members' intentions and behaviors.
29841	Our company members have reciprocal faith in others' ability.
29842	Our company members have reciprocal faith in others' behaviors to work toward organizational goals.
29843	Our company members have reciprocal faith in others' decision toward organizational interests than individual interests.
29844	Our company members have relationships based on reciprocal faith.
29845	Our company provides various formal training programs for performance of duties.
29846	Our company provides opportunities for informal individual development other than formal training such as work assignments and job rotation.
29847	Our company encourages people to attend seminars  symposia  and so on.
29848	Our company provides various programs such as clubs and community gatherings.
29849	Our company members are satisfied by the contents of job training or self-development programs.
29850	Our company members can take action without a supervisor.
29851	Our company members are encouraged to make their own decisions.
29852	Our company members do not need to refer to someone else.
29853	Our company members do not need to ask their supervisor before action.
29854	Our company members can make decisions without approval.
29855	In our company there are many activities that are not covered by some formal procedures.
29856	In our company contacts with our company are on a formal or planned basis.
29857	In our company rules and procedures are typically written.
29858	In our company members can ignore the rules and reach informal agreements to handle some situations.
29859	In our company members make their own rules on the job.
29860	Our company members can understand not only their own tasks but also others' tasks.
29861	Our company members can make suggestion about others' task.
29862	Our company members can communicate well not only with their department members but also with other department members.
29863	Our company members are specialists in their own part.
29864	Our company members can perform their own task effectively without regard to environmental changes.
29865	Our company provides IT support for collaborative works regardless of time and place.
29866	Our company provides IT support for communication among organization members.
29867	Our company provides IT support for searching for and accessing necessary information.
29868	Our company provides IT support for simulation and prediction.
29869	Our company provides IT support for systematic storing.
29870	Our company stresses gathering information from sales and production sites.
29871	Our company stresses sharing experience with suppliers and customers.
29872	Our company stresses engaging in dialogue with competitors.
29873	Our company stresses finding new strategies and market opportunities by wandering inside the firm.
29874	Our company stresses creating a work environment that allows peers to understand the craftsmanship and expertise.
29875	Our company stresses creative and essential dialogues.
29876	Our company stresses the use of deductive and inductive thinking.
29877	Our company stresses the use of metaphors in dialogue for concept creation.
29878	Our company stresses exchanging various ideas and dialogues.
29879	Our company stresses subjective opinions.
29880	Our company stresses planning strategies by using published literature  computer simulation and forecasting.
29881	Our company stresses creating manuals and documents on products and services.
29882	Our company stresses building databases on products and service.
29883	Our company stresses building up materials by gathering management figures and technical information.
29884	Our company stresses transmitting newly created concepts.
29885	Our company stresses enactive liaisoning activities with functional departments by cross-functional development teams.
29886	Our company stresses forming teams as a model and conducting experiments  and sharing results with entire  departments.
29887	Our company stresses searching and sharing new values and thoughts.
29888	Our company stresses sharing and trying to understand management visions through communications with fellows.
29905	Our company has produced many novel and useful ideas (services/products).
29906	Our company fosters an environment that is conductive to our own ability to produce novel and useful ideas (services/products).
29907	Our company spends much time for producing novel and useful ideas (services/products).
29908	Our company considers producing novel and useful ideas (services/products) as important activities.
29909	Our company actively produces novel and useful ideas (services/products).
29910	Compared with key competitors  our company is more successful.
29911	Compared with key competitors  our company has a greater market share.
29912	Compared with key competitors  our company is growing faster.
29913	Compared with key competitors  our company is more profitable.
29914	Compared with key competitors  our company is more innovative.
29915	If I were caught committing software piracy  I think the punishment would be: very high - very low.
29916	If I were caught committing software piracy  I would be severely punished.
29917	I feel that software prices today are: very high - very low.
29918	In my opinion  software packages today are very inexpensive - very expensive.
29919	If I wanted to buy a piece of software today  it would cost me a lot of money.
29920	If I committed software piracy  the probability I would be caught is: very low - very high.
29921	If I committed software piracy  I would probably be caught.
29922	To me  committing software piracy is: good - bad.
29923	To me  committing software piracy is: pleasant - unpleasant.
29924	To me  committing software piracy is: foolish - wise.
29925	To me  committing software piracy is: unattractive - attractive.
29926	I f I committed software piracy  most of the people who are important to me would: approve - disapprove.
29927	Most people who are important to me would look down on me if I committed software piracy.
29928	No one who is important to me thinks it is okay to commit software piracy.
29929	If I want to  I can commit software piracy.
29930	Technically  for me to commit software piracy is: easy - difficult.
29931	I may commit software piracy in the future.
29932	If I had the opportunity  I would commit software piracy.
29933	I would never commit software piracy.
29934	We can successfully reconfigure our resources to come up with new productive assets.
29935	We can effectively integrate and combine existing resources into “novel” combinations.
29936	We frequently scan the environment to identify new business opportunities.
29937	We spend considerable time reading trade publications and magazines.
29938	We are quick to discuss changes in our customers’ product preferences.
29939	We periodically review the likely effect of changes in our business environment on customers.
29940	We often review our product development efforts to ensure they are in line with what the customers want.
29941	We are effective in implementing new product ideas.
29942	We devote a lot of time implementing ideas for new products and improving our existing products.
29943	We are quick to respond to significant changes in our competitors’ pricing structures.
29968	We are successful in learning new things within this group.
29969	We are effective in developing new knowledge or insights that have the potential to influence product development.
29970	We have effective routines to identify  value  and import new information and knowledge.
29971	We have adequate routines to analyze the information and knowledge obtained.
29972	We have adequate routines to assimilate new information and knowledge.
29973	We can successfully integrate our existing knowledge with the new information and knowledge acquired.
29974	We are effective in transforming existing information into new knowledge.
29975	We can successfully exploit internal and external information and knowledge into concrete applications.
29976	We are effective in utilizing knowledge into new products.
29977	We are able to identify and acquire internal (e.g.  within the group) and external (e.g.  market) knowledge.
29978	We ensure that our work tasks (activities designs reports) fit together very well.
29979	Overall  our group is well coordinated.
29980	We ensure that the output of our work is synchronized with the work of others.
29981	We ensure that the output of our work is of a form useful to others when needed (the right thing at the right time).
29982	We ensure an appropriate allocation of resources (e.g. information time reports) within our group.
29983	Group members ensure a fair sharing of resources.
29984	Group members are assigned to tasks commensurate with their task-relevant knowledge and skills.
29985	We ensure that there is compatibility between group members expertise and work processes.
29986	We effectively interrelate our activities to manage rapidly changing conditions.
29987	We collectively manage our tasks to address situational demands.
29988	We promptly make our contributions to the group with attention and care.
29989	We are forthcoming in contributing our individual input to the group.
29990	We have a global understanding of each other’s tasks and responsibilities.
29991	We are fully aware who in the group has specialized skills and knowledge relevant to our work.
29992	We carefully interrelate our actions to each other to meet changing conditions.
29993	Group members manage to successfully interconnect their activities.
29994	The environment in our product area is continuously changing.
29995	Environmental changes in our industry are very difficult to forecast.
29996	The technology in this product area is changing rapidly.
29997	Technological breakthroughs provide big opportunities in this product area.
29998	In our kind of business   customers’ product preferences change a lot over time.
29999	Marketing practices in our product area are constantly changing.
30000	New product introductions are very frequent in this market.
30001	There are many competitors in this market.
30002	There are frequent interactions between our cross-functional NPD group.
30003	The NPD process is truly a cross functional effort.
30039	We as an industry don't really have a common understanding of  _________.
30040	Good information on __ is hard to come by.
30041	Finding a good balance of different perspectives on the __  concept has proven difficult.
30042	Key players in the industry are yet to heard from concerning __ .
30043	How important __ will be is currently not very clear.
30044	So for I haven't heard enough from people who are critical of __.
30045	There are aspects of __ that you can't really get your fingers on.
30046	__ is not going to happen as fast as many people seem to think.
30047	__ is being touted for situations where it fits poorly.
30048	A lot of what l've heard about __ seems like hype.
30049	A lot of the claims about __ are simply hard to believe.
30050	What __ really consists of is widely debated.
30051	__ has been oversold by its promoters.
30052	Important problems with __ remain unresolved.
30053	__ offers a tremendous opportunity to deliver business value.
30054	__ makes do-able some wounderful things that were previously only dreamed of.
30055	You must use __ to make progress in certain areas.
30056	The company that waits to do __ is going to fall dangerously behind.
30057	__ will grow in its attractiveness over time.
30058	A company's success may depend on being able to implement __ faster than its competition.
30059	The push for __ is coming mainly from parties with something to sell.
30060	__ is a solution still looking for the right problems to solve.
30061	__ doesn't transfer well to the real world.
30062	In practice  __ kind of dies of its ovwn weight.
30063	It's hard to convince senior mananagement that __ is worth doing.
30064	The market has lost interest in __ .
30065	People are tired of talking about __.
30066	__ is currently a  hot button  in the information systems field.
30067	__ involves a huge paradigm shift.
30068	__ calls for a fundamentally different way of thinking.
30069	__ seems to require some kind of wizard to get it all to work out.
30070	Doing __ basically turns an organization upside down.
30071	The resources necessary for doing __ are hard to come by.
30072	Complexity increases significantly when you undertake __.
30073	On this Website  I believe the proper technology ha been put into place that would assure me of an error-free transaction (this Web site is functional ).
30074	On this Web site  I believe the appropriate safeguards (technologies such as encryption and privacy protection measures) have been put into place that would ensure me of a successful transaction.
30075	There is enough information on this Web site to assure me that this vendor is legitimate.
30076	Based on the appearance of this Web site  I believe this is a  legitimate vendor.
30077	This vendor appears to be one who would keep promises and commitments (would deliver goods as expected).
30078	I believe the information that this vendor provides me.
30079	I would trust this vendor to keep my best interests in mind (not distribute my private information).
30080	This vendor is trustworthy.
30081	I do not find any reasons to be cautious with this vendor.
30082	This vendor has a reputation for being honest.
30083	This vendor has a reputation for being concerned about their customers.
30084	This vendor has good reputation in the market.
30085	Most customers would like to deal with this vendor.
30086	This vendor is well known.
30087	Using this vendor is a: bad idea - good idea.
30088	Using this vendor is a: foolish idea - wise idea.
30089	I dislike - like the idea of using this vendor.
30090	Using this vendor would be: unpleasant - pleasant.
30091	The idea of using the Internet to shop from this vendor is appealing.
30092	I like the idea of using the Internet to shop from this store.
30093	Using the Internet to shop from this vendor is a good idea.
30094	The likelihood that I would purchase from this vendor is: very low - very high.
30095	The probability that I would consider buying from this vendor is: very low - very high.
30096	My willingness to buy from this vendor is: very low - very high.
30097	For this particular purchase  I would use this vendor.
30098	My intention would be to purchase from this vendor.
30099	I know who creates this information.
30100	I know which group collects this information.
30101	I know the procedures by which this information is collected.
30102	I know the steps taken to gather this information.
30103	I know the sources of this information.
30104	I know who maintains this information in our computers
30105	I know which group maintains this information in our computers.
30106	I know the procedures used to store this information in our computers.
30107	I know the steps taken to store and maintain this information in our computers.
30108	I know which of our computers stores this information.
30109	I know which software is used for storing this information in our computers.
30110	I know who (individual or group) uses this information.
30111	I know which group uses this information.
30112	I know the procedures in which this information is used.
30113	I know the steps taken when using this information.
30114	I know the tasks which require the use of this information.
30115	When typical problems arise with collecting this information  I know how we handle them.
30116	I know the usual solutions for problems with collecting this information.
30117	I know how to fix routine problems with collecting this information.
30118	I know how to fix recurring problems with collecting this information.
30119	I know the standard procedures for correcting deficiencies in information when collecting it.
30120	When typical problems arise with storing this information in our computers  I know how we handle them.
30121	I know the usual solutions for problems with storing this information in our computers.
30122	I know how to fix routine problems with storing this information in our computers.
30123	I know how to fix recurring problems with storing this information in our computers.
30124	I know our standard procedures for correcting deficiencies in information when storing it in our computers.
30125	When typical problems  such as interpretation or access  arise with using this information  I know how we handle them.
30126	I know the usual solutions for problems with using this information.
30127	I know how to fix routine problems with using this information.
30128	I know our standard procedures for correcting deficiencies in information when using it.
30129	I know the problems encountered in collecting this information.
30130	I understand the information collection procedures well enough to recognize why this information is collected incorrectly.
30131	I can detect sources of new problems in collecting this information.
30132	I can recognize new problems as they arise in collecting this information.
30133	I know why this information is displayed in this form in our computers.
30134	I know some of the problems in storing this information appropriately in our computers.
30135	I know why it is difficult to store this information in our computers in an easy-to-interpret manner.
30136	I understand our computing environment well enough to analyze why this information is stored inadequately.
30137	I can recognize new problems as they arise in storing and maintaining this information in our computers.
30138	I know why people have difficulty with computer access procedures for this information.
30139	I know why it is difficult to store all this information in our computers.
30140	I know some of the problems in ensuring that this information is used appropriately.
30141	I can detect sources of new problems in using this information.
30142	I can recognize new problems as they arise in using this information in a new task.
30143	I cannot diagnose problems in using this information.
30144	I cannot find the causes of new problems in the use of this information.
30145	I cannot recognize when new problems arise in using this information in a new task.
30146	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for project management.
30147	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for analysis.
30148	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for design.
30149	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for coding.
30150	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for testing.
30151	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for maintenance/update.
30152	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Methods to be used for documentation.
30153	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Methods to be used for project management.
30154	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Methods to be used for analysis.
30155	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Methods to be used for design.
30156	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Methods to be used for coding.
30157	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Methods to be used for testing.
30158	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Methods to be used for documentation.
30159	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Criteria to be met for software functionality.
30160	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Criteria to be met for software quality.
30161	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Criteria to be met for productivity.
30162	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Criteria to be met for budgets.
30163	To what extent has your organization defined standards for tbe following for your software development projects? Criteria to be met for schedules.
30164	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Criteria to be met for software functionality.
30165	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Criteria to be met for software quality.
30166	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Criteria to be met for productivity.
30167	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Criteria to be met for budgets.
30168	How much discretion do individual project teams actually have in determining the following for their own projects? Criteria to be met for schedules.
30169	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: Quantity of developers in the labor market decreases.
30170	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: Quality of developers in the labor market decreases.
30171	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: Customer's software product requirements change.
30172	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: A new market for your software products opens.
30173	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: New competitors enter your software market.
30174	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: Changes in the basis of competition in your industry occurs.
30175	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: New laws regulating your business are enacted.
30176	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: Laws regulating your business are repealed.
30177	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: New software technologies become available.
30178	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: New hardware technologies become available.
30179	This information is correct.
30180	This information is incorrect.
30181	This information is accurate.
30182	This information is reliable.
30183	On average  how predictable is each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? Actual date when project will be completed.
30184	On average  how predictable is each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? Actual developer-months that will be required.
30185	On average  how predictable is each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? Actual budget that will be consumed by the project.
30186	On average  how predictable is each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? Actual resources that will be required to complete the project.
30187	On average  how predictable is each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? Actual quality of finished software.
30188	On average  how predictable is each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? Actual functionality of finished software.
30189	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: Ability to produce software at low cost for current product lines.
30190	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: Ability to charge competitive prices for software for current product lines.
30191	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: The efficiency of software production for current product lines.
30192	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: The productivity of your software developers for current product lines.
30193	This information includes all necessary values.
30194	This information is incomplete.
30195	This information is complete.
30196	This information is sufficiently complete for our needs.
30197	This information covers the needs of our tasks.
30198	This information has sufficient breadth and depth for our tasks.
30199	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: The speed of response to new customer needs.
30200	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: Ability to tailor software products to individual customer needs.
30201	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: The speed at which new software markets can be entered.
30202	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on each of the following: The rate of introduction of new software products/services.
30203	This information is sufficiently current for our work.
30204	This information is not sufficiently timely.
30205	This information is not sufficiently current for our work.
30206	This information is sufficiently timely.
30207	This information is sufficiently up-to-date for our work.
30208	Our organization must: rarely change its marketing practices to keep up with the market and competitors - change its marketing practices extremely frequently  for example  semiannually.
30209	The rate at which our products/services become obsolete is: very slow - very high.
30210	Actions of our competitors are: easy to predict - extremely unpredictable.
30211	Demand and consumer tastes for our products/services are: fairly easy to forecast - extremely unpredictable.
30212	Our hardware technology is: not subject to very much change and is well established - changes very often and in major ways.
30213	Our hardware technology is:   not subject to very much change and is well established - changes very often and in major ways.
30214	This information is useful to our work.
30215	This information is relevant to our work.
30216	This information is appropriate for our work.
30217	This information is applicable to our work.
30218	This information is easily retrievable.
30219	This information is easily accessible.
30220	This information is easily obtainable.
30221	This information is quickly accessible when needed.
30225	How would you describe your group's problem solving process?  Efficient - inefficient.
30226	How would you describe your group's problem solving process?  Coordinated - uncoordinated.
30227	How would you describe your group's problem solving process?  Fair - unfair.
30228	How would you describe your group's problem solving process? Understandable - confusing.
30229	How would you describe your group's problem solving process? Satisfying - dissatisfying.
30230	How satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the quality of your group's solution?
30231	To what extent does the final solution reflect your inputs?
30232	To what extent do you feel committed to the group solution?
30233	To what extent are you confident that the group solution is correct?
30234	To what extent do you feel personally responsible for the correctness of the group solution?
30248	To what extent were the messages of your group members vague?
30249	How often were the messages of your group members unclear?
30250	How well could you judge whether any of your groupmates was lying or saying the truth?
30251	How confidently could you judge whether somebody was being truthful or not?
30252	How well could you judge how knowledgeable your group members were  about the issues raised during the discussion?
30253	How confidently could you judge how well somebody knew the topic of interest?
30282	Using Electronic Mail in my job enables (would enable) me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
30283	Using Electronic Mail improves (would improve) my job performance.
30284	Using Electronic Mail in my job increases (would increase) my productivity.
30285	Using Electronic Mail enhances (would enhance) my effectiveness on the job.
30286	Using Electronic Mail makes it (would make it)easier to do my job.
30287	I find (would find) Electronic Mail useful in my job.
30288	I find (would find) using Electronic Mail to be enjoyable.
30289	The actual process of using Electronic Mail is (would be): extremely unpleasant - extremely pleasant
30290	I have (would have) fun using Electronic Mail.
30291	I presently intend to use Electronic Mail regularly.
30292	My actual intention to use Electronic Mail regularly is: extremely strong - extremely weak.
30293	To what extent do you at present intend to use Electronic Mail regularly?
30511	Members of this group value sharing knowledge.
30512	Members of this group believe in helping others.
30513	Members of this group place great value on technical knowledge.
30514	Members of this group are driven by a desire to learn new things.
30515	Members of this group think cooperation is important.
30516	Members of this group value the reputation they gain by participating in open source projects.
30517	Members of this group think that it is wrong to fork a project.
30518	Members of this group believe it is inappropriate to distribute code changes without going through the proper channels.
30519	Members of this group think it is OK to remove someone's name from a project without that person's consent.
30520	Members of this group believe that the best code wins out in the end.
30521	Members of this group believe free software is better than commercial software.
30522	Members of this group think information should be free.
30523	Members of this group believe that with enough people working on a project  any bug can be quickly found and fixed.
30524	Members of this group believe that you only become a hacker when others call you a hacker.
30534	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved asset management
30535	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased productivity
30536	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: lower operating costs
30537	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved production planning
30538	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved resource control
30539	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased flexibility
30540	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved asset management
30541	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased productivity
30542	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: lower operating costs
30543	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved production planning
30544	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved resource control
30545	Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased flexibility
30546	Our organization uses uniquely built or customized  rather than canned or generic  applications to facilitate information exchanges with our partner.
30547	The applications that are used to facilitate information exchanges with our partner can be described on a scale from generic to customized.
30548	What percentage of applications are customized  i.e.  developed expressly to manage interactions and flows of information between your organization and this business partner?
30549	Our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our organization.
30550	Our business partner performs all of their roles very well.
30551	Overall  this business partner is capable and proficient.
30552	In general  this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry and business operations.
30553	Our organization believes this business partner would act in our best interest.
30554	If our organization required help  this business partner would do their best to provide assistance.
30555	This business partner is interesting in our organization’s well being and not just its own.
30556	This business partner is truthful in their dealings with our organization.
30557	Our organization would characterize this business partner as being honest.
30558	This business partner keeps their commitments.
30559	This business partner is sincere and genuine.
30560	Our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our organization.
30561	Our business partner performs all of their roles very well.
30562	Overall  this business partner is capable and proficient.
30563	In general  this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry and business operations.
30564	Our organization believes this business partner would act in our best interest.
30565	If our organization required help  this business partner would do their best to provide assistance.
30566	This business partner is interesting in our organization’s well being and not just its own.
30567	This business partner is truthful in their dealings with our organization.
30568	Our organization would characterize this business partner as being honest.
30569	This business partner keeps their commitments.
30570	This business partner is sincere and genuine.
30571	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: telecommunications.
30572	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: COBOL  or other third generation language.
30573	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: network.
30574	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: operating systems: mainframes.
30575	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: operating systems: minis.
30576	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: 4th generation languages.
30577	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: systems integration.
30578	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: operating systems: micros.
30579	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: systems analysis/structured analysis.
30580	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: systems analysis/structured analysis.
30581	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: relational databases.
30582	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: distributed processing.
30583	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: a specific programming language.
30584	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: data management (e.g.  data modeling).
30585	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: structured programming/CASE methods or tools.
30586	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: decision support systems.
30587	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: assembly language.
30588	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: expect systems/AI.
30589	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: telecommunications.
30590	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: COBOL  or other third generation language.
30591	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: network.
30592	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: operating systems: mainframes.
30593	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: operating systems: minis.
30594	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: 4th generation languages.
30595	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: systems integration.
30596	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: operating systems: micros.
30597	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: systems analysis/structured analysis.
30598	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: systems life cycle management.
30599	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: relational databases.
30600	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: distributed processing.
30601	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: a specific programming language.
30602	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: data management (e.g.  data modeling).
30603	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: structured programming/CASE methods or tools.
30604	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: decision support systems.
30605	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: assembly language.
30606	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: expect systems/AI.
30607	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to learn new technologies.
30608	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to focus on technology as a means  not an end.
30609	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to understand technological trends.
30610	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to learn new technologies.
30611	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to focus on technology as a means  not an end.
30612	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to understand technological trends.
30613	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to learn about business functions.
30614	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to interpret business problems & develop appropriate technical solution.
30615	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to understand the business environment.
30616	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: knowledge of business functions.
30617	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to learn about business functions.
30618	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to interpret business problems & develop appropriate technical solution.
30619	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to understand the business environment.
30620	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: knowledge of business functions.
30621	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to work cooperatively in a one-one-one and project team environment.
30622	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to plan and execute work in a collaborative environment.
30623	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to deal with ambiguity.
30624	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to work closely with customers and maintain productive user or client relationship.
30625	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to accomplish assignments.
30626	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to teach others.
30627	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to plan  organize and lead projects.
30628	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to develop and deliver effective  informative  and persuasive presentations.
30629	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to plan  organize & write clear  concise  effective memos  reports  and documentations.
30630	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to be self-directed and proactive.
30631	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to be sensitive to organizational culture/politics.
30632	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to work cooperatively in a one-one-one and project team environment.
30633	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to plan and execute work in a collaborative environment.
30634	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to deal with ambiguity.
30635	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to work closely with customers and maintain productive user or client relationship.
30636	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to accomplish assignments.
30637	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to teach others.
30638	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to plan  organize and lead projects.
30639	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to develop and deliver effective  informative  and persuasive presentations.
30640	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to plan  organize & write clear  concise  effective memos  reports  and documentations.
30641	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to be self-directed and proactive.
30642	Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to be sensitive to organizational culture/politics.
30643	Importance of activity now: support existing portfolio of applications.
30644	Importance of activity now: develop in-house applications.
30645	Importance of activity now: manage/plan systems development/implementation.
30646	Importance of activity now: analyze business problems and IS solutions.
30647	Importance of activity now: integrate existing and new business applications.
30648	Importance of activity now: develop application software – purchase and tailor.
30649	Importance of activity now: develop databases.
30650	Importance of activity now: implement new or changed computer- supported business processes.
30651	Importance of activity now: support hardware.
30652	Importance of activity now: analyze software packages – evaluation & selection.
30653	Importance of activity now: manage/plan feasibility/approval process for new systems and technology.
30654	Importance of activity now: train and educate IS professionals.
30655	Importance of activity now: Support information access and security.
30656	Importance of activity now: manage/plan corporate IS strategies  strategic applications  technology architecture.
30657	Importance of activity now: integrate networks.
30658	Importance of activity now: support end-user computing (e.g.  info  center  hot line).
30659	Importance of activity now: train and educate end users.
30660	Importance of activity now: implement data management procedures.
30661	Importance of activity now: implement system evaluation processes.
30662	Importance of activity now: support user-developed systems.
30663	Importance of activity now: integrate data types (e.g.  video  voice).
30664	Importance of activity three years from now: support existing portfolio of applications.
30665	Importance of activity three years from now: develop in-house applications.
30666	Importance of activity three years from now: manage/plan systems development/implementation.
30667	Importance of activity three years from now: analyze business problems and IS solutions.
30668	Importance of activity three years from now: integrate existing and new business applications.
30669	Importance of activity three years from now: develop application software – purchase and tailor.
30670	Importance of activity three years from now: develop databases.
30671	Importance of activity three years from now: implement new or changed computer- supported business processes.
30672	Importance of activity three years from now: support hardware.
30673	Importance of activity three years from now: analyze software packages – evaluation & selection.
30674	Importance of activity three years from now: manage/plan feasibility/approval process for new systems and technology.
30675	Importance of activity three years from now: train and educate IS professionals.
30676	Importance of activity three years from now: Support information access and security.
30677	Importance of activity three years from now: manage/plan corporate IS strategies  strategic applications  technology architecture.
30678	Importance of activity three years from now: integrate networks.
30679	Importance of activity three years from now: support end-user computing (e.g.  info  center  hot line).
30680	Importance of activity three years from now: train and educate end users.
30681	Importance of activity three years from now: implement data management procedures.
30682	Importance of activity three years from now: implement system evaluation processes.
30683	Importance of activity three years from now: support user-developed systems.
30684	Importance of activity three years from now: integrate data types (e.g.  video  voice).
30685	Information systems chief executive assumes responsibility for quality performance.
30686	Information systems chief executive is evaluated for quality performance.
30687	Information systems chief executive supports quality improvement processes.
30688	Information systems management has clear quality objectives.
30689	Quality goals within information systems are very specific.
30690	There is a comprehensive information systems quality plan.
30691	Quality goals and policy are understood within the department.
30692	Significant importance is attached to quality in relation to cost and schedule objectives.
30693	Development cycle time  cost and productivity are used as the basis for rewards for information systems personnel.
30694	User satisfaction is an important factor in determining rewards for information systems personnel.
30695	Quality measures like error rate and scrap rate are used as the basis for rewards for information systems personnel.
30696	Incentives are used to promote reusability.
30697	Regular training in quality management tools and techniques is given to IS personnel.
30698	Team building and group dynamics training are given to IS personnel.
30699	Business skills training is given to IS personnel.
30700	Resources are made available for training IS personnel.
30701	Formal techniques such as JAD and prototyping are regularly used for requirement elicitation.
30702	Idea generation techniques such as brain storming are used in system design.
30703	Formal techniques such as quality function deployment are used to translate user requirements into design.
30704	Standard representation schemes such as ER diagrams and DFD are used for design specifications.
30705	Extent to which formal policies to promote development of reusable design/code are implemented.
30706	Extent to which formal policies that mandate use of reusable components are implemented.
30707	Extent to which reuse of code/design components is monitored.
30708	Extent to which formal policies on parameterization of design/code are implemented.
30709	Quality data is collected and reported at frequent intervals.
30710	Vendors/consultants are pressed to furnish quality data.
30711	Performance levels are benchmarked with those of other firms.
30712	Quality problems are analyzed to identify problem causes.
30713	Quality data is systematically used in managing systems development.
30714	Cost of quality is analyzed.
30715	Metrics are recalibrated to reflect changes in the development process.
30716	Best practices are systematically institutionalized.
30717	Performance standards have been established for design.
30718	Performance standards have been established for programming.
30719	Performance standards have been established for testing.
30720	Performance standards are used to monitor and control output.
30721	Performance standards are revised annually/regularly.
30722	Users actively participate in determining system requirements.
30723	Users actively participate in identifying input/output needs.
30724	Users actively participate in developing test plans.
30725	Long term partnerships have been established with key vendors/consultants.
30726	Vendors/consultant form an integral part of the systems delivery process.
30727	Team members participate in project planning.
30728	Team members participate in decisions regarding resource allocation to projects.
30729	Project schedules are determined in consultation with team members.
30730	Users perceive that the system meets intended functional requirements.
30731	The information provided by the systems meets user expectations.
30732	Systems meet user expectations with respect to response time  flexibility and ease of use.
30733	Users are satisfied with the overall quality of the systems.
30734	Projects usually overrun budgeted costs.
30735	Schedule overruns are common in most projects.
30736	Backlog of development work is high.
30737	Fixing bugs and other types of rework account for a significant proportion of systems development effort.
30738	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on ability to produce software at low cost for current product lines?
30739	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on ability to charge competitive prices for software for current product lines?
30740	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on the efficiency of software production for current product lines?
30741	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on the productivity of software developers for current product lines?
30742	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on the speed of response to new customer needs?
30743	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on ability to tailor software products to individual customer needs?
30744	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on the speed at which new software markets can be entered?
30745	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on the rate of introduction of new software products/services?
30746	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on overall competitive position?
30747	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on return on assets?
30748	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on efficiency of operations?
30749	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on overall financial performance?
30750	Compared to your competitors  how does your organization rate on growth rate?
30751	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: quantity of developers in the labor market decreased.
30752	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: quality of developers in the labor market decreased.
30753	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: customer's software product requirements changed.
30754	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: a new market for the software products opened.
30755	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: new competitors entered the software market.
30756	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: changes in the basis of competition in the industry occurred.
30757	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: new laws regulating the business were enacted.
30758	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: laws regulating the business were repealed.
30759	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: new software technologies became available.
30760	Please rate the speed with which your current software development approach(es) can be used to respond effectively to the following compared to your competitors in the same situation: new hardware technologies became available.
30761	On average  how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual date of completion of project.
30762	On average  how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual developer-months required for the project.
30763	On average  how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual budget that would be consumed by the project.
30764	On average  how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual resources that would be required to complete the project.
30765	On average  how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? the actual quality of the finished software.
30766	On average  how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? the actual functionality of the finished software.
30767	On average  please indicate the extent to which  and the percent of which  requirements specifications consists of reused components.
30768	On average  please indicate the extent to which  and the percent of which  design specifications consists of reused components.
30769	On average  please indicate the extent to which  and the percent of which  software code consists of reused components.
30770	On average  please indicate the extent to which  and the percent of which  test data consists of reused components.
30771	On average  please indicate the extent to which  and the percent of which  documentation consists of reused components.
30772	Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be used effectively for a variety of projects.
30773	Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be customized by individual project teams to suit their context.
30774	Our software development approach(es) are such that they permit a range of responses to different types of requirements.
30775	Our software development approach(es) are such that they permit a range of responses to different types of technologies.
30776	Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be adapted to the quality goals of individual projects.
30777	Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be adapted to the productivity goals of individual projects.
30778	Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be adapted to the suit the resource levels available to individual projects.
30779	Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: reward system for creating reusable resources
30780	Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: reward system for reusing existing resources
30781	Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: library of reusable resources
30782	Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: reusability as formal part of employee performance evaluation
30783	Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: reusability as formal part of software development approach
30784	Generally speaking  I am very satisfied with my job.
30785	I frequently think of changing my job.
30786	I am generally satisfied with the kind of projects I do in my job.
30787	The process of supervising  influencing  leading  and controlling people at all levels is: of no importance - centrally important.
30788	To be in charge of a whole organization is: of no importance - centrally important.
30789	To rise to a high position in general management is: of no importance - centrally important.
30790	I would like to reach a level of responsibility in an organization whereby I would supervise others in various business functions and my role would primarily be to integrate their efforts.
30791	I will feel successful in my career only if I become a high-level general manager in some organization.
30792	To build my career around some specific functional or technical area is: of no importance - centrally important.
30793	Remaining in my specialized area as opposed to being promoted out of my area of expertise is: of no importance - centrally important.
30794	Remaining in my area of expertise throughout my careers is: of no importance - centrally important.
30795	I will accept a management position only if it is in my area of expertise.
30796	I would rather leave my company than be promoted out of my area of expertise.
30797	People on this team answer each other's questions in a timely manner.
30798	Team members'  responses to each other's questions are correct and useful.
30799	People on this team answer each other's questions in a thoughtful manner.
30800	Members of the team have made considerable emotional investments in our working relationships.
30801	Members of the team have a sharing relationship with each other. We can freely share our ideas  feelings  and hopes.
30802	On this team we can talk freely with each other about difficulties we are having and know that others will want to listen.
30803	Members of the team would feel a sense of loss we could no longer work together.
30804	Members of the team know that everyone on the team approaches their work with professionalism and dedication.
30805	Given the track records of the team members  we see no reason to doubt each other's competence and preparation for a job.
30806	Members of the team believe they will be able to rely on other members of the team not to make a job more difficult by careless work.
30807	Understanding the strategic priorities of top management.
30808	Aligning IS strategies with the strategic plan of the organization.
30809	Adapting the goals/objectives of IS to changing goals/objectives of the organization.
30810	Maintaining a mutual understanding with top management on the role of IS in supporting strategy.
30811	Identifying IT-related opportunities to support the strategic direction of the firm.
30812	Educating top management on the importance of IT.
30813	Adapting technology to strategic change.
30814	Assessing the strategic importance of emerging technologies.
30815	Understanding the information needs of organizational subunits.
30816	Identifying opportunities for internal improvement in business processes through IT.
30817	Improved understanding of how the organization actually operates.
30818	Development of a “blueprint” which structures organizational processes.
30819	Monitoring of internal business needs and the capability of IS to meet those needs.
30820	Maintaining an understanding of changing organizational processes and procedures.
30821	Generating new ideas to reengineer business processes through IT.
30822	Generating new ideas to reengineer business processes through IT.
30823	Avoiding the overlapping development of major systems.
30824	Achieve a general level of agreement regarding the risks/tradeoffs among system projects.
30825	Establish a uniform basis for prioritizing projects.
30826	Maintaining open lines of communication with other departments.
30827	Coordinating the development efforts of various organizational subunits.
30828	Identifying and resolving potential sources of resistance to IS plans.
30829	Developing clear guidelines of managerial responsibility for plan implementation.
30830	Ability to identify key problem areas.
30831	Ability to identify new business opportunities.
30832	Ability to align IS strategy with organizational strategy.
30833	Ability to anticipate surprises and crises.
30834	Ability to understand the business and its information needs.
30835	Flexibility to adapt to unanticipated changes.
30836	Ability to gain cooperation among user groups for IS plans.
30918	Are projects delayed due to design or implementation problems?
30919	Are completed projects successful in meeting their design objectives?
30920	Is it necessary to redesign and/or re-program projects within two years of the time they become operational?
30921	After projects are implemented  is it apparent that an alternative design could have better served  the user?
30922	After projects are implemented  are major reprogramming efforts necessary to improve processing efficiency?
30923	Are new systems designed and implemented in a manner which enhances the credibility of the  systems organization?
30924	Do newly developed systems work the way the user expected them to?
30925	To what extent have you been able to make use of standardized program packages or modules to meet the needs of several users?
30926	Does each system have a number of independent programs that require separate maintenance?
30927	Do you have difficulty keeping track of and maintaining all the programs associated with each system?
30928	On the average  how many independent programs need to be maintained in each system?
30929	Is the software available to your users flexible and powerful?
30930	Is the software available to your users easy to use?
30931	Is the same information recorded in more than one file or location?
30932	Is the same information stored in separate systems for different users or application areas?
30933	Do reporting inconsistencies occur because separate copies of data are in different stages of updating?
30934	Where appropriate  do users have easy access to data files created in other application areas?
30935	When different functional areas of the organization require similar types of information  do they use the same coding schemes to represent the information?
30936	When comparing the data requirements of separate application areas  is it apparent that data storage requirements could be reduced by eliminating redundant (stored more than once) data?
30937	Do you have problems caused by conflicting reports prepared from redundant data sources?
30938	Can changes in data files (i.e.  record size or layout  addition of new data fields  or elimination of old fields) be made without changing all application programs which use these files?
30939	When system changes are necessary  can the changes be easily and quickly implemented?
30940	Do changes in data input  processing  or output requirements require more than a day of reprogramming and testing?
30941	When your organization changes how it operates  are the information systems flexible and easily changed to reflect these changes in operations?
30942	Are projects implemented in order of payoff potential?
30943	Are projects implemented on a crash basis?
30944	Are systems development resources constantly shifted to respond to crisis situations facing the organization?
30945	Are you frustrated with the way in which development priorities are set  reviewed  and reset?
30946	Are projects implemented in a rational sequence?
30947	Are high payoff projects implemented before projects with less benefit to the organization?
30948	Does your organization implement the most important projects first?
30949	Considering new systems that have been operational for one or two years  to what extent have you been successful in reducing the systems analysis and programming man-hours devoted to these projects after the development phase?
30950	How much has your systems and programming staff increased over the last two years?
30951	Does the actual cost of maintaining existing systems exceed expected (or budgeted) costs?
30952	Do you insist that the detailed systems design report be formally approved by the manager of the operating function involved before programming begins?
30953	Do you have good user documentation of your existing systems?
30954	Do you insist that the detailed system design report be developed as user documentation of the system?
30955	Do you insist on user documentation which is well written and understandable by the user?
30956	Do you make it clear to user management that they authorize work on the next stage in the systems development process by their approval of the report on the preceding stage?
30957	Do you explain to users that their review of the detailed design is where benefits are designed into their systems?
30958	Do you insist that systems are documented as they are developed for review and control purposes rather than after they are implemented?
30959	Do you insist that the detail design report on a proposed system specify exactly how the user will operate the system?
30960	Availability and timeliness of report delivery to users.
30961	Quality and competence of systems analysts employed by IS department.
30962	Communications between IS staff and managerial users.
30963	Volume of output information provided by the system.
30964	Prompt processing of requests for changes to existing systems.
30965	Efficient running of current systems (costs  ease of use  documentation  maintenance).
30966	Use of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system.
30967	IS department profitability (from chargeouts for services as a profit center).
30968	IS support for users in preparing proposals for new systems.
30969	Ease of access for users to computer facilities via terminals.
30970	Currency (up-to-dateness) of output information.
30971	Short lead time required for new systems development.
30972	A low percentage of hardware and systems downtime.
30973	The improving of new systems development (with respect to time  cost  quality  disruptions).
30974	High degree of technical competence of the staff in the IS department.
30975	Effective training programs for users in general IS capabilities.
30976	User confidence in systems.
30977	Accuracy of output information.
30978	Preparation of a strategic plan for developing IS.
30979	User-oriented systems analysts who KNOW user operations.
30980	The degree of personal control the user has over which IS services are received.
30981	User’s feeling of participation.
30982	Flexibility of data and reports available from systems.
30983	Positive attitude of IS personnel toward users.
30984	Data security and privacy.
30985	Completeness of output information.
30986	User’s understanding of systems.
30987	Setting of systems priorities to reflect overall organizational objectives.
30988	System responsiveness to changing user needs.
30989	Relevance of report contents (to intended function).
30990	Increasing the proportion of IS department’s effort expended in creating new systems.
30991	Application of modern database technology.
30992	Top management involvement in defining and monitoring IS policies.
30993	Overall cost-effectiveness of information systems
30994	Please consider the following and rate the importance of each: Development of more monitor systems.
30995	Please consider the following and rate the importance of each: Development of more exception systems.
30996	Please consider the following and rate the importance of each: Development of more analysis systems.
30997	Please consider the following and rate the importance of each: Development of more inquiry systems.
30998	Availability and timeliness of report delivery to users.
30999	Quality and competence of systems analysts employed by IS department.
31000	Communications between IS staff and managerial users.
31001	Volume of output information provided by the system.
31002	Prompt processing of requests for changes to existing systems.
31003	Efficient running of current systems (costs  ease of use  documentation  maintenance).
31004	Use of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system.
31005	IS department profitability (from chargeouts for services as a profit center).
31006	IS support for users in preparing proposals for new systems.
31007	Ease of access for users to computer facilities via terminals.
31008	Currency (up-to-dateness) of output information.
31009	Short lead time required for new systems development.
31010	A low percentage of hardware and systems downtime.
31011	The improving of new systems development (with respect o time  cost  quality  disruptions).
31012	High degree of technical competence of the staff in the IS department.
31013	Effective training programs for users in general IS capabilities.
31014	User confidence in systems.
31015	Accuracy of output information.
31016	Preparation of a strategic plan for developing IS.
31017	User-oriented systems analysts who KNOW user operations.
31018	The degree of personal control the user has over which IS services are received.
31019	User’s feeling of participation.
31020	Flexibility of data and reports available from systems.
31021	Positive attitude of IS personnel toward users .
31022	Data security and privacy.
31023	Completeness of output information.
31024	User’s understanding of systems.
31025	Setting of systems priorities to reflect overall organizational objectives.
31026	System responsiveness to changing user needs.
31027	Relevance of report contents (to intended function).
31028	Increasing the proportion of IS department’s effort expended in creating new systems.
31029	Application of modern database technology.
31030	Top management involvement in defining and monitoring IS policies.
31031	Overall cost-effectiveness of information systems.
31032	Please determine how well your organization has performed in each of the following areas: Development of more monitor systems.
31033	Please determine how well your organization has performed in each of the following areas: Development of more exception systems.
31034	Please determine how well your organization has performed in each of the following areas: Development of more analysis systems.
31035	Please determine how well your organization has performed in each of the following areas: Development of more inquiry systems.
31044	The size of the planning team is very large.
31045	It is difficult to find a team leader who meets the criteria specified by the methodology.
31046	It is difficult to find team members who meet the criteria specified by the methodology.
31047	The success of the methodology is greatly dependent on the team leader.
31048	Many support personnel are required for data gathering and analysis during the study.
31049	The planning exercise takes very long.
31050	The planning exercise is very expensive.
31051	The documentation does not adequately describe the steps that should be followed for implementing the methodology.
31052	The methodology lacks sufficient computer support.
31053	Adequate external consultant support is not available for implementing the methodology.
31054	The methodology is not based on any theoretical framework.
31055	The planning horizon considered by the methodology is inappropriate.
31056	It is difficult to convince top management to approve the methodology.
31057	The methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization structure.
31058	The methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization site.
31059	The methodology fails to take into account organizational goals and strategies.
31060	The methodology fails to assess the current information systems applications portfolio.
31061	The methodology fails to analyze the current strengths and weaknesses of the IS department.
31062	The methodology fails to take into account legal and environmental issues.
31063	The methodology fails to assess the external technological environment.
31064	The methodology fails to take into account issues related to plan implementation.
31065	The methodology fails to take into account changes in the organization during SISP.
31066	The methodology does not sufficiently involve users.
31067	Managers find it difficult to answer questions specified by the methodology.
31068	The methodology requires too much top management involvement.
31069	The methodology requires too much user involvement.
31070	The planning procedure is rigid.
31071	The methodology does not sufficiently involve top management.
31072	SISP output fails to provide a statement of organizational objectives for the IS department.
31073	SISP output fails to designate specific new steering committees.
31074	SISP output fails to identify specific new projects.
31075	SISP output fails to determine a uniform basis for prioritizing projects.
31076	SISP output fails to determine an overall data architecture for the organization.
31077	SISP output fails to provide priorities for developing specific databases.
31078	SISP output fails to sufficiently address the need for Data Administration in the organization.
31079	SISP output fails to include an overall organizational data communications plan.
31080	SISP output fails to outline changes in the reporting relationships in the IS department.
31081	SISP output fails to include an overall personnel and training plan for the IS department.
31082	SISP output fails to sufficiently address the role of a permanent IS planning group.
31083	The output plans are not flexible enough to take into account unanticipated changes in the organization and its environment.
31084	The output is not in accordance with the expectations of top management.
31085	Implementing the projects and the data architecture identified in the SISP output requires substantial further analysis.
31086	It is difficult to secure top management commitment for implementing the plan.
31087	The experiences from implementing the methodology are not sufficiently transferable across divisions.
31088	The final output document is not very useful.
31089	The SISP output does not capture all the information that was developed during the study.
31091	The user can instruct the tools to redraw a diagram on the screen so that it is uncluttered and easy to read.
31519	The teaching assistant strongly influenced the opinions of others.
31520	Our decision reflected the opinion of the teaching assistant.
31521	The teaching assistant influenced our decision more than others.
31522	We expect this relationship to last a lifetime.
31523	It is assumed that renewal of agreements in this relationship generally will occur.
31524	The relationship with [the target customer] is essentially  evergreen   and will continue to be a good relationship.
31525	To what extent did [the target customer] influence your decision to adopt EDI?
31526	Which was the force behind your company's EDI adoption?
31527	The honesty and accuracy of deadlines set by the trading partner.
31528	The follow-through in delivering on promises made by the trading partner.
31529	The trading partner's honesty in business  dealings.
31530	The competency of the trading partner in accurately and efficiently processing paper work.
31531	The reliability of the computer system of the trading partner.
31532	The willingness of the trading partner to share information.
31533	The trading partner's adherence to agreements.
31534	The trading partner's consistency in business dealings.
31535	Today my interests were accommodated.
31536	The work we accomplished today was worth the effort.
31537	I was satisfied with the way we did things today to achieve our goals.
31538	The outcome of today's meeting is satisfactory.
31541	Violation of copyrights should be prohibited by law.
31542	Punishment must be enforced on those who have done wrong.
31543	We should minimize the possibility of indirectly harming others such as causing loss of property.
31544	Stealing is wrong.
31545	We can only use other people's property when we have been authorized to do so.
31546	Copies of software should only be made with proper authorization.
31547	Based on my own values  without considering any possible consequences  I think that Alternative 1 (report on John) is very ethical.
31548	Based on my own values  without considering any possible consequences  I think that Alternative 1 (report on John) is ethically acceptable.
31553	How would you view your personal interests in the above scenario?
31554	How would you view your group members' interests in the above scenario?
31555	Based on the possible consequences  I think that Alternative 1 (report on John) is very ethical.
31556	Based on the possible consequences  I think that Alternative 1 (report on John) is ethically acceptable.
31561	Considering both the possible consequences and my own values  I think that Alternative 1 (report on John) is very ethical.
31562	Considering both the possible consequences and my own values  I think that Altemative I (report on John) is ethically acceptable.
31567	In the above scenario  Alternative 2 (erase software) would definitely not be the alternative I would choose.
31570	To what extent is your work interrelated with people who work near you? If you  now work at home full-time  please consider people who worked near you before you moved to your home office.
31571	To what extent is there a clearly known way to do the major types of work you normally encounter?
31572	To do your work  to what extent do you actually rely on established procedures and practices?
31573	To what extent is there an understandable sequence of steps that can be followed in doing your work?
31574	To what extent are you satisfied with your ability to get help when you have technical equipment or software problems?
31575	To what extent are you satisfied with your ability to use the computer to perform your job?
31576	To what extent are you satisfied with your ability to access computerized information to perform your job?
31577	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Scheduled telephone group meetings  i.e.  scheduled conference calls.
31578	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Scheduled FTF individual meetings with management.
31579	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Scheduled FTF group meetings with coworkers.
31580	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Scheduled telephone meetings with management  i.e.  scheduled telephone calls.
31581	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Unscheduled telephone meetings with management  i.e.  ad-hoc telephone calls.
31582	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Unscheduled telephone meetings with one or more coworkers  e.g.  ad-hoc conference calls.
31583	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Unscheduled FTF individual meetings with management  e.g.  ad-hoc conversations.
31584	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Unscheduled FTF meetings with one or more coworkers  e.g.  ad-hoc conversations.
31585	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Documents  memos  or announcements transmitted by e-mail from management or coworkers.
31586	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Electronic mail with coworkers  e.g.  discussion of problems  gathering information  etc.
31587	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Electronic mail with manager  e.g.  discussion of problems  gathering information  etc.
31588	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Electronic tracking system for job or project objectives  results accessible electronically.
31589	How extensively are the following techniques used for spreading work-related information and coordinating work in your organization?: Electronic bulletin boards.
31590	To what extent are you satisfied with your ability to find out about changes that affect your job?
31591	To what extent are you satisfied with your ability to get help from coworkers on work-related problems?
31592	To what extent are you satisfied with your manager's ability to evaluate your performance?
31593	To what extent are you satisfied with belonging to the office team?
31594	To what extent are you satisfied with your ability to keep up with office gossip and politics?
31601	The other team members had much knowledge about the work that needed to be done.
31602	The other team members seemed to be successful in the activities they undertook.
31603	I felt very confident about the other team  members' skills.
31604	The other team members had specialized capabilities that increased our performance.
31605	The other team members were well qualified.
31606	The other team members were very capable of performing their tasks.
31607	The outcomes of this project were very important to the other team members.
31608	The other team members did not knowingly do anything to disrupt the project.
31609	The other team members were concerned about what was important to the team.
31610	The other team members did everything within their capacity to help our team perform.
31611	The other team members displayed a solid work ethic.
31612	The other team members tried hard to be fair in dealing with one another.
31613	I liked the work values of the members on my  team.
31614	The other team members were strongly committed to the project.
31615	The other team members did not behave in a consistent manner.
31616	If I had my way  I would not let other members have any influence over important issues.
31617	I really wish I had a good way to oversee the work of the other members.
31618	I would have been comfortable giving the other  members complete responsibility for completion of this project.
31619	Overall  the people in my group were very trustworthy.
31620	We were usually considerate of one another's feelings on this team.
31621	The people in my group were friendly .
31622	I could rely on those with whom I worked in my group.
31623	Overall  the people in my group were very trustworthy.
31624	There was a noticeable lack of confidence among my team members.
31625	Most foreign students tell the truth about the limits of their knowledge.
31626	Most foreign students answer personal  questions honestly.
31627	Most foreign students are very competent in  terms of their studies.
31628	Most foreign students are honest in describing their experiences and abilities.
31629	Ease of effort required to learn the system.
31630	Ease of effort needed to update the system's knowledge.
31631	Expected reliability of computer hardware and software.
31632	Effect on auditor judgment.
31633	Effect on client's image of the auditor.
31634	Effect on auditor's self-image.
31635	Effect on cost efficiency of auditing.
31636	Effect on job improvement without need for specialists.
31637	Effect on auditor's ability to manage time.
31638	Protection of auditor's personal and professional liability.
31639	The process of supervising  influencing  leading and controlling people at all levels.
31640	To be in a position of leadership and influence.
31641	To rise to a position in general management.
31642	I would like to reach a level of responsibility in an organization where my decisions really make a difference.
31643	I want to achieve a position which gives me the opportunity to combine analytical competence with supervision of people.
31644	Remaining in my area of expertise rather than being promoted into general management.
31645	I will accept a management position only if it is in my area of expertise.
31646	To build my career around some specific functional or technical area of expertise.
31647	Remaining in my special area as opposed to being promoted out of my area of expertise.
31648	I would leave my company rather than be promoted out of my area of expertise or interest.
31649	An organization which will provide security through guaranteed work  benefits  a good retirement program  etc.
31650	An organization which will give me long-term stability.
31651	I prefer to work for an organization which provides tenure (lifetime employment).
31652	Remaining in one geographical area rather than moving because of a promotion.
31653	It is important for me to remain in my present geographical location rather than move because of a promotion or new job assignment.
31654	I prefer to work for an organization which will permit me to remain in one geographical area.
31655	I do not want to be constrained by either an organization or the business world.
31656	The chance to pursue my own life-style and not to be constrained by the rules of an organization.
31657	A career which permits a maximum of freedom and autonomy to choose my own work  hours  etc.
31658	A career which is free from organizational restrictions.
31659	During my career I have been mainly concerned with my own sense of freedom and autonomy.
31660	Being identified with and gaining status from my occupation.
31661	To be recognized by my title and status.
31662	I want others to identify me by my organization and job title.
31663	I like to be identified with a particular organization and the prestige that accompanies that organization.
31664	Being identified with a powerful and prestigious employer or organization.
31665	The use of my interpersonal and helping skills in the service of others.
31666	I want a career in which I can be committed and devoted to an important cause.
31667	The process of seeing others change because of my effort.
31668	I have always sought a career in which I could be of service to others.
31669	Being able to use my skills and talents in the service of an important cause.
31670	An endless variety of challenges in my career.
31671	I have been motivated throughout my career by being able to use my talents in a variety of different areas of work.
31672	A career which provides a maximum variety of types of assignments and work projects.
31673	An endless variety of challenges is what I really want from my career.
31674	The excitement of participating in many areas of work has been the underlying motivation behind my career.
31675	How much variety is there in your job? That is  to what extent does the job require you to do many different things at work  using a variety of your skills and talents?
31676	How much organizational stability is there in your job? That is  to what extent does your job provide security through guaranteed work  benefits  and a good retirement program  etc.?
31677	How much identity does your job provide? That is  to what extent does your job allow you to be identified with a powerful or prestigious employer or organization?
31678	How much geographic security does your job have? That is  to what extent does your job require you to move from one location to another?
31679	How much technical competence is in your job? That is  to what extent does your job require you to build some specific functional or technical area of expertise and remain in your area of expertise rather than being promoted out of your area of expertise?
31680	How much managerial competence is in your job? That is  to what extent does your job require you to supervise  lead  and manage people at all levels?
31681	How much autonomy is in your job? Tbat is  to what extent does your job permit you to decide on your own bow to go about doing the work?
31682	How much service is in your job? That is  to what extent does your job allow you to use your skills and talents to serve important causes and to be of service to others?
31683	My supervisor takes the time to learn about my career goals and aspirations.
31684	My supervisor cares about whether or not I achieve my career goals.
31685	My supervisor keeps me informed about different career opportunities for me in the organization.
31686	My supervisor makes sure I get the credit when I accomplish something substantial on the job.
31687	My supervisor gives me helpful feedback about my performance.
31688	My supervisor gives me helpful advice about improving my performance when I need it.
31689	I am satisfied with the success I have achieved in my career.
31690	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my overall career goals.
31691	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my goals for income.
31692	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my goals for advancement.
31693	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward meeting my goals for the development of new skills.
31737	How often did your group members display positive feelings (of friendliness  support for your views) towards you during the discussion?
31738	Describe the NUMBER OF STATEMENTS made by your group members that made you feel good (for example  statements that evoked laughter  statements that indicated friendliness towards you  statements that indicated support for your views)?
31739	How often did your group members display negative feelings (of hostility  rejection of your views) towards you during the discussion?
31740	Describe the NUMBER OF STATEMENTS made by your group members that made you feel bad (for example  statements that indicated hostility towards you  statements that indicated rejection of your views)?
31741	Describe your level of satisfaction with the problem solving process you went through today.
31742	If YOU were to propose a plan at the end of your group meeting  describe  how different would it be from the one proposed by your group?
31743	To what extent are your views about the topic of discussion DIFFERENT from those of others in your group?
31744	Describe the similarity of your views to those of others in your group about the topic of discussion?
31745	How often did you accept somebody's view without holding the same view yourself?
31746	What portion of the plan your group proposed was such that YOU would have proposed it differently but you nevertheless accepted it?
31747	To what extent did you accept the views of others without holding the same views yourself?
31748	To what extent was there a clearly known way to solve the problem you just faced?
31782	In our relationship  we and our service provider participate in our business with positive attitude.
31783	In our relationship  we and our service provider are very interested in each other's problems.
31784	In our relationship  we and our service provider encourage each other to solve business problems.
31785	In our relationship  we discuss our long-range planning with our service provider.
31786	In our relationship  we  discuss our important private plans with our service provider.
31787	In our relationship  we  reflect our service provider's opinions for unexpected problems.
31788	In our relationship  the manner and methods of communication between us and our service provider are: timely - untimely.
31789	In our relationship  the manner and methods of communication between us and our service provider are: accurate - inaccurate.
31790	In our relationship  the manner and methods of communication between us and our service provider are: complete - incomplete.
31791	In our relationship  the manner and methods of communication between us and our service provider are: credible - incredible.
31792	In our relationship  we  and our service provider solve most exceptional problems through mutual discussion.
31793	In our relationship  we  recognize and support what and when our service provider wants.
31794	In our relationship  we  have coordination mechanisms to solve problems with our service provider.
31795	In our relationship  we and our service provider share business knowledge of core business processes if necessary.
31796	In our relationship  we and our service provider exchange information that help the establishment of business planning.
31797	In our relationship  we and our service provider  share environmental information that affects each other's business.
31798	In our relationship  our service provider   is responsible for lots portions of our system development.
31799	In our relationship  our service provider  supports and manages most core information technologies we need.
31800	In our relationship  we and our service provider  have different corporate cultures from one another.
31801	In our relationship  we and our service provider have a hard time understanding one another's business rules and forms.
31802	In our relationship  we and our service provider are similar to the processes of problem solving  decision making  and communication.
31803	In our relationship  our executives are interested in the relationship between we and our service provider.
31804	In our relationship  our executives  consider the relationship between us and our service provider an important thing in the organizational level.
31805	In our relationship  our executives support all with the resources we need.
31806	In our relationship  our service provider   makes beneficial decisions to us under any circumstances.
31807	In our relationship  our service provider  is willing to provide assistance to us without exception.
31808	In our relationship  our service provider  is sincere at all times.
31809	In our relationship  we understand the business process of our service provider well.
31810	In our relationship  we  and our service provider perfectly understand our business objectives.
31811	In our relationship  we  clearly comprehend our roles and service provider's roles.
31812	In our relationship  we and our service provider share the risks that can be occurred in the process of business.
31813	In our relationship  some conflict exists  because business objectives and policies are different.
31814	In our relationship  some conflict exists  because of the assignment of human and physical resources.
31815	In our relationship  some conflict exists  because we and our service provider have different culture and opinions in the process of business.
31816	In our relationship  our service provider performs prespecified agreements very well.
31817	In our relationship  we faithfully provide prespecified support in a contract.
31818	In our relationship  we and our service provider always try to keep each other's promises.
31819	We have been able to refocus on core business.
31820	We have enhanced our IT competence.
31821	We have increased access to skilled personnel.
31822	We have enhanced economies of scale in human resources.
31823	We have enhanced economies of scale in  technological resources.
31824	We have increased control of IS expenses.
31825	We have reduced the risk of technological obsolescence.
31826	We have increased access to key information technologies.
31827	We are satisfied with our overall benefits from outsourcing.
31828	The consistency and dependability of the output information is: consistent - inconsistent.
31829	The consistency and dependability of the output information is: high - low.
31830	The consistency and dependability of the output information is: superior - inferior.
31831	The consistency and dependability of the output information is: sufficient - insufficient.
31832	The consistency and dependability of the output information is important to us.
31833	When I was hired  I was extensively involved with other new recruits in common  job-related training activities.
31834	Other newcomers have been instrumental in helping me to understand my job requirements.
31835	This organization put all newcomers through the same set of learning experiences when I was hired.
31836	Most of my orientation training has been carried out apart from other newcomers.
31837	There is a sense of  being in the same boat  amongst newcomers in this organization.
31840	The facilitator was extremely helpful.
31841	We could not have made as good a decision if the facilitator had not been present.
31842	The problem-solving process would have been somewhat confusing if the facilitator had not been present.
31843	The facilitator was an essential part of our group meeting.
31844	We might have taken a longer time to reach a consensus if the facilitator had not been present.
31845	The group would have performed better if we did not have a facilitator.
31846	The facilitator assisted the group in interpreting the portions of the problem that were unclear.
31847	I would like this facilitator to be a part  future group decision sessions in which I am involved.
31848	The facilitator provided the group with additional information when the case appeared ambiguous.
31849	The facilitator supplied criteria/alternative solutions.
31850	My employees were all computer-literate.
31851	There was at least one employee who was a computer  expert.
31852	I would rate my employees' understanding of computers as very good compared with other small companies in the same industry.
31855	How important are your data?
31856	If the data were made public  what would be the impact on your organization?
31893	IS chief executive assumes responsibility for quality performance.
31894	IS chief executive is evaluated for quality performance.
31895	IS chief executive supports quality improvement processes.
31896	IS management has clear quality objectives.
31897	Quality goals within IS are very specific.
31898	There is a comprehensive IS quality plan.
31899	Quality goals and policy are understood within the department.
31900	Significant importance is attached to quality in relation to cost and schedule objectives.
31901	Regular training in quality management tools and techniques is given to IS personnel.
31902	Team building and group dynamics training are given to IS personnel.
31903	Business skills training is given to IS personnel.
31904	Resources are made available for training IS personnel.
31905	Development cycle time  cost and productivity are used as the basis for  rewards for IS personnel.
31906	User satisfaction is an important factor in determining rewards for IS personnel.
31907	Quality measures like error rate and scrap rate are used as the basis for rewards for IS personnel.
31908	Extent to which formal policies to promote development of reusable design/ code are implemented.
31909	Extent to which formal policies that mandate use of reusable components are implemented.
31910	Extent to which reuse of code/design components is monitored.
31911	Extent to which formal policies on parameterization of design/code are implemented.
31912	Formal techniques such as JAD and prototyping are regularly used for requirement elicitation.
31913	Idea generation techniques such as brain storming are used in system design.
31914	Formal techniques such as quality function deployment are used to translate user requirements into design.
31915	Standard representation schemes such as ER diagrams and DFD are used for design specifications.
31916	Quality data are collected and reported at frequent intervals.
31917	Vendors/consultants are pressed to furnish quality data.
31918	Performance levels are benchmarked with those of other firms.
31919	Quality problems are analyzed to identify problem causes.
31920	Quality data are systematically used in managing systems development.
31921	Cost of quality is analyzed.
31922	Metrics are recalibrated to reflect changes in the development process.
31923	Best practices are systematically institutionalized.
31924	Performance standards have been established for design.
31925	Performance standards have been established for programming.
31926	Performance standards have been established for testing.
31927	Performance standards are used to monitor and control output.
31928	Performance standards are revised annually/regularly.
31929	Users actively participate in determining system requirements.
31930	Users actively participate in identifying input/output needs.
31931	Users actively participate in developing test plans.
31932	Team members participate in project planning.
31933	Team members participate in decisions regarding resource allocation to projects.
31934	Project schedules are determined in consultation with team members.
31935	Long-term partnerships have been established with key vendors/  consultants.
31936	Vendors/consultant form an integral part of the systems delivery process.
31937	Users perceive that the system meets intended functional requirements.
31938	The information provided by the systems meets user expectations.
31939	Systems meet user expectations with respect to response time  flexibility and ease of use.
31940	Users are satisfied with the overall quality of the systems.
31941	Projects usually overrun budgeted costs.
31942	Schedule overruns are common in most projects.
31943	Backlog of development work is high.
31944	Fixing bugs and other types of rework account for a significant proportion of systems development effort.
31945	I have been through a set of training experiences which are specifically designed to give newcomers a thorough knowledge of job-related skills.
31946	During my training for this job  I was normally physically apart from regular organizational members.
31947	I did not perform any of my normal job responsibilities until I was thoroughly familiar with departmental procedures and work methods.
31948	Much of my job knowledge has been acquired informally on a trial and error basis.
31949	I was very aware that I was seen as  learning the ropes  in this organization when I was hired.
31952	I have been made to feel that my skills and abilities are very important in this organization.
31953	Almost all of my colleagues have been supportive of me personally.
31954	I have had to change my attitudes and values to be accepted in this organization.
31955	I feel that experienced organizational members have held me at a distance until I conform to their expectations.
31956	There is a clear pattern in the way one role leads to another or one job assignment leads to another in this organization.
31957	Each stage of the training process has  and will build upon  the job knowledge gained during the preceding stages of the process.
31958	The movement from role to role and function to function to build up experience and a track record is very apparent in this organization.
31959	This organization does not put newcomers through an identifiable sequence of learning experiences.
31960	The steps in the career ladder are clearly specified in this organization.
31961	Experienced organizational members see advising or training newcomers as one of their main job responsibilities in this organization.
31962	I am gaining a clear understanding of my role in this organization from observing my senior colleagues.
31963	I have received little guidance from experienced organizational members as to how I should perform my job.
31964	I have little or no access to people who have previously performed my role in this organization
31965	I have generally been left alone to discover what my role should be in this organization.
31966	I can predict my future career path in this organization by observing others' experiences.
31967	I have a good knowledge of the time it will take me to go through the various stages of the training process in this organization.
31968	The way in which my progress through this organization will follow a fixed timetable of events has been clearly communicated to me.
31969	I have little idea when to expect a new job assignment or training exercise in this organization.
31970	Most of my knowledge of what may happen to me in the future comes informally  through the grapevine  rather than through regular organizational channels.
31971	I have made an attempt to redefine my role and change what I am required to do.
31972	While I am satisfied with my overall job responsibilities  I have altered the procedures for doing my job.
31973	I have changed the mission or purpose of my role.
31974	The procedures for performing my job are generally appropriate in my view.
31975	I have tried to change the procedure for doing my job and to institute new work goals.
31976	I feel certain about how much authority I have on my job.
31977	I know what my responsibilities are.
31978	I know what is exactly expected of me.
31979	Job explanation is clear concerning what is to be done.
31980	I perform work that suits my values.
31981	I have to do things that should be done differently.
31982	I work under incompatible policies and guidelines.
31983	I work with two or more groups who operate quite differently.
31984	I receive incompatible requests from two or more people.
31985	I work on many unnecessary assignments.
31986	Our firm rarely changes marketing practices to keep up with the market and competitors.
31987	Actions of competitors are easy to predict (as in some primary industries).
31988	Demand and consumer tastes are easy to forecast (e.g.  for milk companies).
31989	Our production technology changes very little (e.g.  in steel production).
31990	The rate at which products become obsolete is very high (as in some fashion goods and semiconductors).
31991	We have a large number of competitors.
31992	There is a variety in competition including some from other industries in the form of substitute products.
31993	We deal with a large number of customers.
31994	Our customers are quite diverse in their needs/requirements.
31995	We have a large number of suppliers of material  parts or equipment.
31996	Our suppliers are quite similar to one another in their products and services.
31997	New product introduction decisions are made only at the highest management level.
31998	Capital budgeting decisions are usually made only at the top management level.
31999	Decisions on major changes to (including new introduction of) manufacturing processes are made only at the highest management level.
32000	Personnel policy decisions are usually made by top management.
32001	Pricing policies are set only by top management.
32002	Decisions to attempt penetration into new markets generally are made only by top management.
32003	We manufacture and market a large number of distinctly different product lines.
32004	Our production technology is diverse to meet the needs of various product lines.
32005	Our marketing strategies and tactics are diverse.
32006	The number of distinctly different departments in the firm is:
32007	Rules and procedures in our firm are very clearly documented.
32008	There is always an extensive reliance on rules and procedures to meet operating emergencies.
32009	Violation of the documented procedures is not tolerated.
32010	Interdepartmental committees which are set up to allow departments to engage in joint decision making.
32011	Task forces which are temporary bodies set up to facilitate interdepartmental collaboration on a specific project.
32012	Liaison personnel whose specific job it is to coordinate the efforts of several departments for purposes of a specific project.
32013	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : payroll.
32014	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : budgeting.
32015	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : quality control.
32016	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : strategic planning.
32017	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : manpower capacity planning.
32018	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : economic forecasting.
32019	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : financial analysis.
32020	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : sales analysis.
32021	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : inventory control.
32022	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : production planning.
32023	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : employee training.
32024	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : product design.
32025	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : process design.
32026	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : machine scheduling.
32027	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : purchasing.
32028	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : materials requirements planning.
32029	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : demand forecasting.
32030	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : accounts receivable.
32031	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : accounts payable.
32032	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : general ledger.
32033	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : billing.
32034	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : order processing.
32035	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : mail processing.
32036	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : receiving.
32037	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : conference/meeting.
32038	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : administrative scheduling.
32039	Pelase circle the number that best describes your firms's communcations technology usage for each of the followsing busniess tasks  ranging from 1 (No communications technology used) through 7 (communications technology widely used) : machine maintenance.
32040	Using telemedicine can enable me to complete patient care more quickly.
32041	Using telemedicine CANNOT improve my patient care and management.
32042	Using telemedicine can increase my productivity in patient care.
32043	Using telemedicine CANNOT enhance my service effectiveness.
32044	Using telemedicine can make my patient care and management easier.
32045	I would find telemedicine technology NOT useful for my patient care and management.
32046	Learning to operate telemedicine technology would NOT be easy for me.
32047	I would find it easy to get telemedicine technology to do what I need to do in my patient care and management.
32048	My interaction with telemedicine technology would be clear and understandable.
32049	I find telemedicine technology INFLEXIBLE to interact with.
32050	It is NOT easy for me to become skillful in using telemedicine technology.
32051	I would find telemedicine technology easy to use.
32052	Using telemedicine technology in patient care and management is a good idea.
32053	Using telemedicine technology in patient care and management is UNPLEASANT.
32054	Using telemedicine technology is beneficial to my patient care and management.
32055	I intend to use telemedicine technology in my patient care and management when it becomes available in my department or hospital.
32056	I intend to use telemedicine technology to provide health-care services to patients as often as needed.
32057	I intend NOT to use telemedicine technology in my patient care and management routinely.
32058	Whenever possible  I intend NOT to use telemedicine technology in my patient care and management.
32059	To the extent possible  I would use telemedicine to do different things  clinical or nonclinical.
32060	To the extent possible  I would use telemedicine in my patient care and management frequently.
32213	Your organization's computer processing power is primarily: centralized - distributed.
32214	Individual computers (including PCs) in your organization are networked and can communicate with: no other computer-all other computers in the organization.
32215	Individual computers (including PCs) in your organization can share common data and applications programs through a network with: no other computer- all other computers in the organization.
32216	To what extent are the following decisions centralized at the top levels of your organization: capital budgeting.
32217	To what extent are the following decisions centralized at the top levels of your organization: new product/service introduction.
32218	To what extent are the following decisions centralized at the top levels of your organization: entry into major new markets.
32219	To what extent are the following decisions centralized at the top levels of your organization: pricing of major product lines.
32220	To what extent are the following decisions centralized at the top levels of your organization: personnel selection.
32221	Our organization encourages exchange of ideas between departments.
32222	Applications are often shared among departments.
32223	Information is often shared among departments.
32224	In our organization  joint development of projects between departments occurs frequently.
32225	Align IT with business needs.
32226	Gain a competitive advantage from IT.
32227	Identify strategic applications.
32228	Increase top management commitment to IT.
32229	Improve communication about IT with users.
32230	Forecast IT resource requirements.
32231	Allocate IT resources.
32232	Develop an information architecture.
32233	Increase visibility of IT in the organization.
32234	The planning team should determine senior management's key planning issues at the start of the project.
32235	SISP planners should participate in general strategic business planning.
32236	The SISP study should review the mission of the organization.
32237	The SISP study should review the organization's business plan to under- stand its business strategy.
32238	The SISP study should use experienced  external consultants.
32239	The SISP study should follow an existing  well-documented methodology.
32240	Sufficient resources should be allocated to the SISP study.
32241	Organizational support should be built for the SISP study.
32242	The SISP study leaders and sponsors should have high credibility.
32243	Key people should stay on the SISP study from its start to finish to maintain continuity.
32244	SISP team members should be chosen on the basis of competence (rather than availability).
32245	SISP team members with high credibility should be chosen.
32246	The SISP study should use computer-based tools to manage the data collected  produce analyses  and document the plan.
32247	The scope of the planning effort should be kept manageable.
32248	The need for the SISP study should be clearly defined.
32249	The SISP study should be initiated in response to long-term needs rather than short-term crises.
32250	The planning team should be informed about business changes taking place during the SISP study.
32251	The SISP closely followed should define steps with definite objectives and outputs for each.
32252	A steering committee should review the progress of the SISP study.
32253	The SISP study should be completed in a reasonable period of time.
32254	The SISP study should consider the organization's management style.
32255	The SISP study should consider the maturity of the organization in its utilization of information technology and its experience in SISP.
32256	The SISP process should be flexible and not overly constrained by current procedure.
32257	The SISP study should consider several alternative futures rather than a particular  single one.
32258	The SISP study should identify critical assumptions associated with each alternative.
32259	The SISP study should review competitors' information technology.
32260	The SISP study should assess external business opportunities and threats in relation to possible uses of information technology.
32261	The SISP study should assess internal information technology strengths and weaknesses.
32262	The SISP study should examine technological  environmental  and industry trends that may affect the organization.
32263	The SISP study should examine the organization's products or services  operations  structure  and functional responsibilities.
32264	The SISP study should use entity-relationship models of the organization.
32265	The SISP study should use data flow diagrams to identify the major activities/functions and their interrelationships.
32266	The SISP study should use process-data matrices to show how processes use data.
32267	The SISP study should use process diagrams to show how processes affect entities.
32268	Management's expectations for the results of the SISP study should be kept reasonable.
32269	Management should control the SISP study closely enough to resolve conflict among different organizational subunits.
32270	Senior management should be educated about information technology.
32271	Senior management should provide feedback and guidance throughout the SISP study.
32272	A top executive should champion the SISP study.
32273	Inputs should be solicited from the organizational levels responsible for implementing the SISP plan.
32274	Management should approve the budget and project charter of the SISP study.
32275	Management should monitor the progress of the SISP study through periodic status reports with checkpoints.
32276	The planning team should brief senior management about the SISP study's scope  objectives  and approaches to gain its commitment at the project's start.
32277	The planning team should brief senior management throughout the project to maintain its commitment.
32278	IS personnel should be educated about organizational objectives and key issues.
32279	Team members should be trained in the SISP methodology.
32280	Team members should be educated about the scope and goals of the project  the organization's mission and purpose  and its internal and external environments.
32281	The SISP study should allow ample opportunity to air different views.
32282	The SISP study should allow possible revisions due to new circumstances.
32283	The SISP study should incorporate bargaining among team members in setting priorities.
32284	The SISP study should bring about agreement on priorities.
32285	The SISP study should focus on generating organizational action to implement the plan.
32286	The SISP study should quickly reach consensus on a set of approximate organizational requirements rather than seek completely accurate and detailed ones.
32287	The SISP study should foster quick team member agreement on objectives and goals.
32288	Data modeling should be performed by experts rather than novices.
32289	The SISP study should encourage new ideas.
32290	The SISP study should propose reshaping current business processes.
32291	The SISP study should seek to identify opportunities to use information technology competitively.
32292	The SISP study should focus on the activities needed to meet business objectives rather than how the objectives were currently met.
32293	The SISP study should focus on how information technology can add value  reduce costs  and create an advantage.
32294	The SISP study should document how well existing information systems fit the needs of the organization.
32295	The SISP study should determine each functional area's information needs and those of any cross-function business processes.
32296	The SISP study should prioritize areas where the organization should best use information systems .
32297	The SISP study should evaluate the costs  benefits  and risks of each proposed project to determine its priority.
32298	The SISP study should identify some small  simple  independent projects with fast payback and low risk to implement first and show the value of the SISP study.
32299	The SISP study should identify potential bases of resistance to the adoption of the plan.
32300	The SISP study should develop an approach for avoiding or dampening potential resistance to the necessary changes.
32301	The SISP study should specify actions needed to implement the proposed architecture.
32302	The SISP study should identify the resources and actions needed to implement new applications development and maintenance tools
32303	The SISP study should identify the MIS department's actions necessary to expedite adoption of the plan.
32304	The SISP study should prepare a plan for migrating to new applications including key projects and their order of implementation.
32321	I see myself as a corporate officer.
32322	In my organization I am seen by others as a corporate officer.
32323	I am a general business manager  not an IT specialist.
32324	I am a candidate for top-line management positions.
32325	I have a high-profile image in the organization.
32326	I have political as well as rational perspectives of my firm.
32327	I spend most of my time outside the IT department focusing on the strategic and organizational aspects of IT.
32328	I spend most of my time inside the IT department managing the function on a day-to-day basis.
32329	Computers intimidate and threaten me.
32330	Even though computers are valuable and necessary  I still have a fear of them.
32331	I am not confident that I could learn computer skills.
32332	I am unsure of my ability to learn a computer programming language.
32333	I feel apprehensive about using a computer terminal.
32334	I have avoided computers because they are unfamiliar to me.
32335	I hesitate to use a computer for fear of making mistakes that I cannot correct.
32336	I am unsure of my ability to interpret a computer printout.
32337	I have difficulty understanding most technological matters.
32338	Computer terminology sounds like confusing jargon to me.
32339	Computers are kind of strange and frightening.
32340	There's a computer revolution going on  and I don't feel like I'm part of it.
32341	Other people are learning about and using computers  and I'm being left out of that group.
32342	I feel like a technological outcast because I don't use computers very much  if at all.
32343	Learning to operate the software package would be easy for me [the end users].
32344	I [The end users] would find it easy to get the software package to do what I want it to do.
32345	My [The end users'] interaction with the software package would be clear and understandable.
32346	I [The end users] would find the software package to be flexible to interact with.
32347	It would be easy for me [the end users] to become skillful at using the software package.
32348	I [The end users] would find the software package easy to use.
32349	Using the software package in my job would enable me [the end user] to accomplish tasks more quickly.
32350	Using the software package would improve my [the end user's] job performance.
32351	Using the software package in my [the end user's] job would increase my [thir] productivity.
32352	Using the software package would enhance my [the end user's] effectiveness on the job.
32353	Using the software package would make it easier to do my [the end user's] job.
32354	I [The end users] would find the software package useful in my [their] job.
32355	I am an expert user of the software package.
32396	Management is really keen to see that we are happy using our microcomputers.
32397	Management has provided most of the necessary help and resources to get us used to the microcomputer quickly.
32398	I am always supported and encouraged by my boss to use the microcomputer in my job.
32399	I am convinced that management is sure as to what benefits can be achieved with the use of microcomputers.
32400	Using a microcomputer can take up too much of my time in performing many tasks.
32401	When I use a microcomputer  I find it difficult to integrate the work on the computer into my existing work.
32402	Using a microcomputer exposes me to the vulnerability of computer breakdown and loss of data.
32403	Using a microcomputer improves my productivity on the job.
32404	Using a microcomputer helps me make better decisions by giving me access to higher quality information.
32405	Using a computer allows me to be more innovative by providing the opportunities for more creative analysis and outputs.
32406	Using a microcomputer gives me the opportunity to enhance my managerial image.
32407	Using a microcomputer in my job is: pleasant - unpleasant.
32408	Using a microcomputer in my job is: enjoyment - frustrating.
32409	Using a microcomputer in my job is: enjoyable - unenjoyable.
32410	Most people who are important to me in my job think I should be using the microcomputer regularly in my job.
32456	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases.
32457	Requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those existing at the end.
32458	Users of this software differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements to be met.
32459	A lot of effort had to be spent in reconciling the requirements of various users of this software.
32460	It was difficult to customize software to one set of users without reducing support to other users.
32461	There was a clearly known way to convert user needs to requirements specifications.
32462	Available knowledge was of great help in converting user needs to requirements specifications.
32463	Established procedures and practices could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications.
32464	An understandable sequence of steps could be followed for converting user needs to requirements specifications.
32483	Learning to operate (A) is easy for me.
32484	I find it easy to get (A) to do what I want it to do.
32485	My interaction with (A) is clear and understandable.
32486	I find (A) to be flexible to interact with.
32487	It is easy for me to become skillful at using (A).
32488	I find (A) easy to use.
32489	Using (A) can enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
32490	Using (A) can improve my job performance.
32491	Using (A) can make it easier to do my job.
32492	Using (A) in my job can increase my productivity.
32493	Using (A) can enhance my effectiveness on the job.
32494	I find (A) useful in my job.
32495	Knowledge of (A) can increase my flexibility of changing jobs.
32496	Knowledge of (A) can increase the opportunity for more meaningful work.
32497	Knowledge of (A) can increase the opportunity for preferred future job assignments.
32498	Knowledge of (A) can increase the opportunity to gain job security.
32499	I always try to use (A) to do a task whenever it has a feature to help me perform it.
32500	I always try to use (A) in as many cases/occasions as possible.
32501	Our ISD is under a threat of being disbanded.
32502	The future of the ISD is uncertain in our corporation/organization.
32503	The system development backlog in our corporation/organization is no problem.
32504	Our users and clients are well satisfied with the performance of our ISD.
32505	Users here are generally dissatisfied with our application system portfolio.
32506	Our ISD is under pressure to improve its performance.
32507	A substantial portion of our ISD budget is allocated for technology exploration and R&D.
32508	Our ISD does not have people whose main job is R&D  experimentation  and technology exploration.
32509	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE by attending off-site CASE seminars and product shows.
32510	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE from trade publications  such as Datamation.
32511	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE from vendor representatives who have visited our site.
32512	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE from video/audio tapes.
32513	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE through their contacts with programmer/analysts in other organizations.
32514	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE from reading text and
32515	People in our ISD have learned a lot about CASE from consultants.
32516	Top corporate/organizational management here takes a hands-off approach to information systems and the ISD.
32517	Our top corporate/organizational management provides strong and involved leadership when it comes to information systems.
32518	Top corporate/organizational management champions innovations related to information technology when they have the potential to help the firm.
32519	Top corporate/organizational management has established clear goals and a clear picture of how information systems support these goals.
32520	In our ISD we frequently rotate personnel among various positions and job roles.
32521	People hardly ever change job responsibilities in our ISD.
32522	CASE has no strong advocates here.
32523	There are one or more people in our corporation/organization who are pushing for CASE very enthusiastically.
32524	Nobody in our corporation/organization has taken the lead in pushing for adoption of CASE.
32525	There are one or more people here who are pressing for CASE usage.
32529	Programmer/analysts here get almost no company-supported CASE training.
32530	Very few formal training opportunities on structured methodology are made available to our programmer/analysts.
32531	Our programmer/analysts are given many opportunities to receive formal training in CASE and CASE tools.
32532	Our programmer/analysts are given many opportunities to receive formal training on logical data modeling and other  new  system design techniques.
32543	In doing your work  to what degree do you need assistance from other people in your department?
32544	In doing your work  to what degree do you need information or advice from department?
32545	To what degree does your work depend on work done by department?
32546	To what degree does your department need your assistance in doing their work?
32547	To what degree does department need information or advice from you to do their work?
32548	To what degree does your department depend on you to do their work?
32549	In doing your work  to what degree do you need assistance from people in other units in your division?
32550	In doing your work  to what degree do you need information or advice from division?
32551	To what degree does your work depend on work done by division?
32552	To what degree does your division need your assistance in doing their work?
32553	To what degree does your division need information or advice from you to do their work?
32554	In doing your work  to what degree do you need assistance from people in other divisions or corporate?
32555	In doing your work  to what degree do you need information or advice from corporate?
32556	To what degree does your work depend on work done by corporate?
32557	To what degree does corporate need your assistance in doing their work?
32558	To what degree does corporate need information or advice from you to do their work?
32559	To what degree does corporoate depend on you to do their work?
32560	Notes enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
32561	Notes improves my job performance.
32562	Notes increases my productivity.
32563	Notes enhances my effectiveness on the job.
32564	Notes makes it easier for me to do my job.
32565	Notes is useful in my job overall.
32566	Notes saves (company name) time.
32567	Notes allows more work to get done in the organization.
32568	Notes enables the organization to react more quickly to changes in the marketplace.
32569	Notes speeds decision making. improves the organization's efficiency.
32570	Notes helps the organization to respond more appropriately to changes in the market- place.
32571	Notes facilitates innovation.
32572	Notes improves the quality of decisions.
32573	Notes helps the organization to determine which products and services to market.
32574	How important is it to you that your data are: Accurate.
32575	How important is it to you that your data are: Believable.
32576	How important is it to you that your data are: Complete.
32577	How important is it to you that your data are: Concise.
32578	How important is it to you that your data are: Verifiable.
32579	How important is it to you that your data are: Well-documented.
32580	How important is it to you that your data are: Understandable.
32581	How important is it to you that your data are: Well-presented.
32582	How important is it to you that your data are: Up-to-date.
32583	How important is it to you that your data are: Accessible.
32584	How important is it to you that your data are: Adaptable.
32585	How important is it to you that your data are: aesthetically pleasing.
32586	How important is it to you that your data are: Compactly.
32587	How important is it to you that your data are: Represented.
32588	How important is it to you that your data are: Important.
32589	How important is it to you that your data are: Consistently formatted.
32590	How important is it to you that your data are: Dependable.
32591	How important is it to you that your data are: Retrievable.
32592	How important is it to you that your data are: Manipulable.
32593	How important is it to you that your data are: Objective.
32594	How important is it to you that your data are: usable.
32595	How important is it to you that your data are: well-organized.
32596	How important is it to you that your data are: transportable/portable.
32597	How important is it to you that your data are: unambiguous.
32598	How important is it to you that your data are: correct.
32599	How important is it to you that your data are: relevant.
32600	How important is it to you that your data are: flexible.
32601	How important is it to you that your data are: flawless.
32602	How important is it to you that your data are: comprehensive.
32603	How important is it to you that your data are: consistently.
32604	How important is it to you that your data are: represented.
32605	How important is it to you that your data are: interesting.
32606	How important is it to you that your data are: unbiased.
32607	How important is it to you that your data are: familiar.
32608	How important is it to you that your data are: interpretable.
32609	How important is it to you that your data are: applicable.
32610	How important is it to you that your data are: robust.
32611	How important is it to you that your data are: available.
32612	How important is it to you that your data are: revealing.
32613	How important is it to you that your data are: reviewable.
32614	How important is it to you that your data are: expandable.
32615	How important is it to you that your data are: time-independent.
32616	How important is it to you that your data are: error-free.
32617	How important is it to you that your data are: efficient.
32618	How important is it to you that your data are: user-friendly.
32619	How important is it to you that your data are: upecific.
32620	How important is it to you that your data are: well-formatted.
32621	How important is it to you that your data are: reliable.
32622	How important is it to you that your data are: convenient.
32623	How important is it to you that your data are: extendable.
32624	How important is it to you that your data are: critical.
32625	How important is it to you that your data are: well-defined.
32626	How important is it to you that your data are: reusable.
32627	How important is it to you that your data are: clear.
32628	How important is it to you that your data are: cost-effective.
32629	How important is it to you that your data are: auditable.
32630	How important is it to you that your data are: precise.
32631	How important is it to you that your data are: readable.
32632	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily aggregated.
32633	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily accessed.
32634	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily compared to past data.
32635	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily changed.
32636	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily downloaded/uploaded.
32637	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily joined with other data.
32638	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily updated.
32639	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily understood.
32640	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily maintained.
32641	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily retrieved.
32642	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily reproduced.
32643	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily traced.
32644	How important is it to you that your data can be: easily sorted.
32645	How important are the following to you? Data are certified error-free.
32646	How important are the following to you? Data improve efficiency.
32647	How important are the following to you? Data give you a competitive edge.
32648	How important are the following to you? Data cannot be accessed by competitors.
32649	How important are the following to you? Data contain adequate detail.
32650	How important are the following to you? Data are in finalized form.
32651	How important are the following to you? Data contain no redundancy.
32652	How important are the following to you? Data are of proprietary nature.
32653	How important are the following to you? Data can be personalized.
32654	How important are the following to you? Data are not easily corrupted.
32655	How important are the following to you? Data meet all of your requirements.
32656	How important are the following to you? Data add value to your operations.
32657	How important are the following to you? Data are continuously collected.
32658	How important are the following to you? Data continuously presented in same format.
32659	How important are the following to you? Data are compatible with previous data.
32660	How important are the following to you? Data are not overwhelming.
32661	How important are the following to you? Data can be easily integrated.
32662	How important are the following to you? Data can be used for multiple purposes.
32663	How important are the following to you? Data are secure.
32664	How important are the following to you? The source of the data is clear.
32665	How important are the following to you? Errors can be easily identified.
32666	How important are the following to you? The cost of data collection.
32667	How important are the following to you? The cost of data accuracy.
32668	How important are the following to you? The form of presentation.
32669	How important are the following to you? The format of the data.
32670	How important are the following to you? The scope of information contained in data.
32671	How important are the following to you? The depth of information contained in data.
32672	How important are the following to you? Quality of resolution.
32673	How important are the following to you? The storage medium.
32674	How important are the following to you? The reputation of the data source.
32675	How important are the following to you? The reputation of the data.
32676	How important are the following to you? The age of the data.
32677	How important are the following to you? The amount of data.
32678	How important are the following to you? You have used the data before.
32679	How important are the following to you? The data entry process is self correcting.
32680	How important are the following to you? The speed of access to data.
32681	How important are the following to you? The speed of operations performed on data.
32682	How important are the following to you? The amount and type of storage required.
32683	How important are the following to you? You have little extraneous data present.
32684	How important are the following to you? You have a variety of data and data sources.
32685	How important are the following to you? You have optimal data for your purpose.
32686	How important are the following to you? The integrity of the data.
32687	How important are the following to you? It is easy to tell if the data are updated.
32811	Our IT projects support the business objectives and strategies of our company.
32812	We continuously examine the innovative opportunities IT can provide for competitive advantage.
32813	We are adequately informed on the current use of IT by competitive forces (e.g.  buyers  suppliers  and competitors) in our industry.
32814	We are adequately informed on the potential use of IT by competitive forces (e.g.  buyers  suppliers  and competitors) in our industry.
32815	We have an adequate picture of the coverage and quality of our IT systems.
32816	We are content with how our IT project priorities are set.
32817	In our organization  the responsibility and authority for IT direction and development are clear.
32818	In our organization  the responsibility and authority for IT operations are clear.
32819	We are confident that IT project proposals are properly appraised.
32820	We constantly monitor the performance of IT functions.
32821	Our IT function is clear about its goals and responsibilities.
32822	Our IT function is clear about its performance criteria.
32823	In our organization  user ideas are given due attention in IT planning and implementation.
32824	Our IT specialist understands our business and the firm.
32825	The structure of our IT function fits our organization.
32826	The IT specialist-user relations in our firm are constructive.
32827	In my firm top management perceives that future exploitation of IT is of strategic importance.
32828	There is a top-down planning process for linking information systems strategy to business needs.
32829	Some IT development resource is positioned within the business unit.
32830	The introduction of  or experimentation with  new technologies takes place at the business unit level under business unit control.
32852	The service provider[s] lets our organization know as soon as possible of any unexpected problems.
32853	Based upon your past and present experience  the level of trust your organization has in its working relationship with service providers] is very high.
32854	Your organization and service providers] help out each other in whatever ways each asks.
32855	Our organization's working relationship with the service providers] has been a happy one.
32856	We have been able to refocus on core business.
32857	We have enhanced our IT competence.
32858	We have increased access to skilled personnel.
32859	We have enhanced economies of scale in human resources.
32860	We have enhanced economies of scale in technological resources.
32861	We have increased control of IS expenses.
32862	We have reduced the risk of technological obsolescence.
32863	We have increased access to key information technologies.
32864	We are satisfied with our overall benefits from outsourcing.
32887	During the decision making process all group members were equally accountable for the final decision.
32888	During the decision making process I believed it was impossible to make one group member responsible for the final decision.
32889	During the decision making process I believed it was impossible to ask me personally to justify the final decision.
32890	During the decision making process the decision making was everybody's affair.
32891	During the decision making process I believed it was impossible to blame me personally for the final decision.
32892	During the decision making process  I believed it was impossible to make me more responsible than others for the final decision.
32893	I believed it was impossible to read on other group members' screen.
32894	I believed my neighbors could not read my comments on my screen.
32895	I thought other group members could clearly see my keyboard when I was writing.
32896	I believed other group members knew when I sent a comment.
32897	I was able to read comments on my neighbor's screen.
32898	I thought others read my comments on my screen.
32899	I believed others could identify my comments.
32900	I believed that group members did not know each other well enough to identify the authors of comments.
32901	I believed I had a distinguishing characteristics that allowed other group members to identify my comments.
32902	I believed it was possible to identity the origin of the comments based on the authors personal characteristics.
32903	I recognized the author of most comments.
32904	I believed the group was large enough that it was impossible for anyone to identify my comments.
32905	I believed the group was large enough that nobody could trace comments back to their authors.
32906	I believed the system could malfunction and identify my comments.
32907	I believed it was possible to identify my comment using the system.
32908	I believed that the system attached a code to comments so that their author could be identified if needed.
32909	I believed that no names were attached to comments by the system.
32910	I believed that my comments were not identified to other group members.
32911	During the experiment I was concerned about my style of doing things.
32912	During the experiment I was concerned about the way I presented myself.
32913	During the experiment I was self-conscious about the way I looked.
32914	During the experiment I usually was worried about making a good impression.
32915	During the experiment I was concerned about what other people thought of me.
33317	How much do you understand the systems analysis method?
33318	How do you perceive the quantity of the session results?
33319	Is a GroupSystems meeting more productive than a manual meeting?
33320	How do you perceive the quality of the session results?
33321	How well did you understand GroupSystems?
33322	Did you find GroupSystems user friendly?
33323	Did you find GroupSystems interesting to use?
33324	Are you satisfied with the session?
33325	Did the session results confirm your ideas on the session topic?
33326	Did the session help to gain new insights on the session topic?
33327	Has enough agreement been achieved among the participants?
33328	Did you enjoy the collaboration with the other group members?
33329	Do you approve of the composition of the group?
33330	Are you willing to participate in a follow-up session or activity?
33468	The computer-aided process is better than the manual process.
33469	The computer-aided process helps the group concentrate on defect detection during the meeting.
33470	The computer-aided process helps the group focus on major rather than minor defects.
33471	The computer-aided process helps the group achieve its goals.
33472	The group's problem-solving process was fair.
33473	The group's problem-solving was efficient.
33474	I am satisfied with the computer-aided process.
33475	It is worth coming back.
33476	TradeNet greatly increases the number of our customers.
33477	TradeNet allows us to make better decisions when handling trade declaration documents.
33478	TradeNet allows us to make better decisions in allocating resources to business operations.
33479	TradeNet greatly improves our process of handling trade declaration documents.
33480	TradeNet greatly improves our process of exchanging trade declaration documents with other organizations.
33481	TradeNet greatly reduces our costs of handling trade declaration documents.
33482	We are very satisfied with the reliability of TradeNet.
33483	We are very satisfied with the availability of TradeNet.
33484	We are very satisfied with the functions of TradeNet.
33485	We are very satisfied with the usage ease of TradeNet.
33486	We are very satisfied with the response time of TradeNet.
33487	We are very satisfied satisfaction with the TradeNet processing fees charged by controlling and taxation agencies.
33488	We are very satisfied with the TradeNet processing fees charged by SNS.
33489	Definitely implement now as scheduled - Definitely delay implementing nine months.
33491	Fair - Unfair.
33492	Just - Unjust.
33493	Morally right - Not morally right.
33494	Acceptable to my family - Unacceptable to my family.
33495	Culturally acceptable - Culturally unacceptable.
33496	Traditionally acceptable - Traditionally unacceptable.
33497	Violates an unwritten contract - Does not violate an unwritten contract.
33498	Violates an unspoken promise - Does not violate an unspoken promise.
33507	Required for school work or workplace.
33508	Use the software all the time.
33509	Availability of manual.
33510	Can use technical support in case of problems.
33511	It’s the law.
33512	Can’t find someone who has it.
33513	It’s school/company policy.
33514	Don’t have to worry about computer viruses.
33515	Stay informed of upgrades.
33516	Prestige of having own copy.
33519	Only use it for a short time.
33520	It is easy to copy software.
33521	Software too expensive.
33522	New version is coming up.
33523	Want to try out the software.
33524	Software license too restrictive.
33525	Little chance of being caught.
33526	Most people I know copy software.
33527	Can’t afford the software.
33579	My group has confidence in itself.
33580	My group expects to be known as a high-performing team.
33581	My group can get a lot done when it works hard.
33582	I believe my group has the ability to understand terms/words relating to computer software.
33583	I believe my group has the ability to troubleshoot computer problems.
33584	I believe my group has the ability to explain why a program (software) will or will not run on a given computer.
33585	I believe my group has the ability to use communications software to collaborate with remote group members.
33586	I believe my group has the ability to do teamwork in a distributed environment if we have access to appropriate technology.
33587	I believe my group has the ability to share information using technology with remote group members.
33588	I believe my group has the ability to use communication technology to do work with people who cannot physically get together to meet.
33589	My group worked hard on the project.
33590	My team exerted substantial effort on the project.
33591	My group did a significant amount of work on the project.
33592	I am satisfied with the project outcome produced by my team.
33593	I am pleased with the quality of work we did in my team.
33594	I am satisfied with the final project deliverable submitted by my team.
33595	I was satisfied with my group members.
33596	I was pleased with the way my teammates and I worked together.
33597	I was very satisfied working with this team.
33598	The work produced by my team was high quality.
33599	The project outcome produced by my team was excellent.
33600	The deliverables of my team were outstanding.
33657	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Number of hierarchical layers
33658	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Decentralization
33659	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Use of activity-based costing
33660	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Knowledge of cycle time
33661	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Number of shared databases
33662	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Workflow management systems
33717	Fire members of the team.
33718	Determine compensation plans for the team.
33719	Conduct peer evaluations.
33720	Recruit/hire team members.
33721	Handle discipline problems on the team.
33722	Develop budgets.
33723	Plan the team's work.
33724	Set team goals or objectives.
33725	Determine the team's training needs.
33726	Schedule the team's work.
33727	We have a clear overall team purpose.
33728	The team leader has a clear vision of where we are going as a team.
33729	I am not sure what we are trying  to accomplish as a team.
33730	We have a time schedule for achieving our team goals.
33731	Our team meetings are well organized.
33732	We have a difficult time reaching decisions.
33733	We often do not know who is responsible for important tasks.
33734	Team members anticipate what they will need from me and tell me so I can plan ahead.
33735	This team often laughs together.
33736	When we disagree  we usually work out our differences in an honest  healthy way.
33737	Team members offer help when I need it.
33738	Voicing disagreement on this team is risky.
33739	Team members compete with each other rather than cooperate.
33740	We take the time as a team to examine areas in which we need more skill or experience.
33741	We rarely stop to consider how we can work better as a team.
33742	We have recently discussed what we did right or wrong on a particular project or job.
33743	When we work together on our team  we try to make sure everyone on the team learns from each other.
33744	When we work together as a team  our job is not finished until everyone on the team has finished his or her job.
33745	When we work together on the team  we all receive the same performance evaluation.
33746	When we work together on the team  our performance evaluations depend in part on how much all members learn.
33747	When we work together on the team  I have to make sure the other members of the team learn if I want to do well on the project.
33748	When we work together on our team  we cannot complete a project unless everyone contributes.
33749	When we work together on our team  the work is divided up so that everyone has a part and everyone has to share.
33750	When we work together on the team  we have to share work material in order to complete the project.
33751	When we work together on the team  everyone's ideas are needed if we are going to be successful.
33752	When we work together on the team  I have to find out what everyone else knows if I am going to be able to complete my part of the project.
33753	On this team I like to share my ideas and work material with other members of the team.
33754	On this team I can learn important things from other team members.
33755	On this team I like to help my teammates learn.
33756	On this team I like to share my ideas and work materials with my teammates when I think it will help them.
33757	On this team it is a good idea for teammates to help each other learn.
33758	On this team I like to cooperate with my teammate.
33759	Members of my team learn a lot of important things from each other.
33760	There is not enough reward and recognition given in this Organization for doing good work.
33761	There is a great deal of criticism in this Organization.
33762	In this Organization people are rewarded in proportion to the excellence of their job performance.
33763	We have a promotion system here that helps the best person to rise to the top.
33764	In this Organization the rewards and encouragements you get usually outweigh the threats and the criticism.
33765	If you make a mistake in this Organization you will be punished.
33766	Decision making in this Organization is too cautious for maximum effectiveness.
33767	Our management is willing to take a chance on a good idea.
33768	Our business has been built up by taking calculated risks at the right time.
33769	The philosophy of our management is that in the long run we get ahead fastest by playing it slow  safe  and sure.
33770	We have to take some pretty big risks occasionally to keep ahead of the competition in the business we're in.
33771	The philosophy of our management emphasizes the human factor  how people feel  etc.
33772	Management makes an effort to talk with you about your career aspirations within the Organization.
33773	When I am on a difficult assignment I can usually count on getting assistance from my boss and co-workers.
33774	People in this Organization don't really trust each other enough.
33775	You don't get much sympathy from higher-ups in this Organization if you make a mistake.
33776	A friendly atmosphere prevails among the people in this Organization.
33777	It's very hard to get to know people in this Organization.
33778	This Organization is characterized by a relaxed  easy-going working climate.
33779	There is a lot of warmth in the relationships between management and workers in this Organization.
33780	People in this Organization tend to be cool and aloof toward each other.
33781	Generally speaking  I am very satisfied with this job.
33782	I frequently think of quitting this job.
33783	I am generally satisfied with the kind of work I do in this job.
33784	Most people doing this job are very satisfied with the job.
33785	People doing this job often think of quitting.
33786	The amount of personal growth and development I get from doing my job.
33787	The feeling of worthwhile accomplishment I get from doing my job.
33788	The amount of independent thought and action I can exercise in my job.
33789	The amount of challenge in my job.
33790	My opinion of myself goes up when I do this job well.
33791	I feel a great sense of personal satisfaction when I do this job well.
33792	I feel bad and unhappy when I discover that I have performed  poorly on this job.
33793	My own feelings generally are not affected much one way or the other by how well I do on this job.
33794	Most people doing this job feel a great sense of personal satisfaction when they do the job well.
33795	Most people doing this job feel bad or unhappy when they find that they have performed the work poorly.
33796	Effectiveness of the team's interactions with people outside the team.
33797	The quality of work the team produces.
33798	The team's ability to meet the goals of the project.
33799	The efficiency of team operations.
33800	The team's adherence to budgets.
33801	The amount of work the team produces.
33802	The team's adherence to schedules.
33803	The team could have done its work faster with the same level of quality.
33804	The team met the goals as quickly as possible.
33805	Potential customers do not need a lot of product/service information before buying.
33806	One major role of our products/services is to provide information to customers.
33807	Customers require specific training before using our major products/services.
33808	Customers require a lot of information before using our major products/services.
33809	Information is used to a great extent in our production/service operations.
33810	Information used in our production/service operations is frequently updated.
33811	There are many steps in our production/service operations that require frequent use of information.
33812	We recognize the strategic potential of information technology.
33813	We are committed to the information systems function.
33814	We are knowledgeable about our information assets and opportunities.
33815	We recognize that information systems are critical to this organizational unit's success.
33816	We view information systems spending as a strategic investment.
33817	We do not have high regard for the technical expertise of the information systems function.
33818	We have extensive computer facilities.
33819	Services provided by the information systems function are often unreliable.
33820	The senior information systems executive is knowledgeable about our business activities.
33821	The senior information systems executive is able to identify and plan for future challenges.
33822	Products/services in our industry become obsolete very quickly.
33823	The product/service technologies in our industry change very quickly.
33824	We can predict what our competitors are going to do next.
33825	We can predict when our product/service demand changes.
33826	In our industry  there is considerable diversity in customers' buying habits.
33827	In our industry  there is considerable diversity in nature of competition.
33828	In our industry  there is considerable diversity in product lines.
33829	The survival of this organizational unit is currently threatened by scarce supply of labor.
33830	The survival of this organizational unit is currently threatened by scarce supply of materials.
33831	The survival of this organizational unit is currently threatened by tough price competition.
33832	The survival of this organizational unit is currently threatened by tough competition in product/service quality.
33833	The survival of this organizational unit is currently threatened by tough competition in product/service differentiation.
33838	Please rate the accuracy of information on this site.
33839	Please rate the quality of information on this site.
33840	Please rate the freshness of content on this site.
33841	Please rate the ease of reading this site.
33842	Please rate the clarity of site organization.
33843	Please rate the clean layout of this site.
33893	Please rate the usefulness of the services provided on this site.
33894	Please rate the convenience of the services on this site.
33895	Please rate the ability to accomplish what you wanted to on this site.
34036	Compared to rivals within our industry  our organization has the foremost in available IT systems and connections.
34037	Flexible electronic links exist between our organization and external entities.
34038	Our organization has formally addressed the issue of data security with access to a number of protocols.
34039	All remote  branch  and mobile offices are connected to the central office.
34040	Our organization utilizes open systems network mechanisms to boost connectivity.
34041	There are very few identifiable communications bottlenecks within our organization.
34042	Our organization utilizes a virtual network or VLAN to connect end users.
34043	New locations or acquisitions are quickly assimilated into our IT infrastructure.
34044	The applications used in our organization are designed to be reusable.
34045	Reusable software modules are widely used in new systems development.
34046	End users utilize object-oriented tools to create their own applications.
34047	IT personnel utilize object-oriented technologies to minimize the development time for new applications.
34048	Legacy systems within our organization restrict the development of new applications.
34049	Data processing does NOT restrict normal business operations or functions.
34050	We have a backlog of IT design work for new applications.
34051	Our organization uses enterprise-wide application software.
34052	Remote  branch  and mobile offices do not have to perform any additional steps or procedures to access data from the home or central office.
34053	End users throughout the organization utilize a common operating system.
34054	Software applications can be easily transported and used across multiple platforms.
34055	Our organization offers a wide variety of types of information to end users.
34056	Our user interfaces provide transparent access to all platforms and applications.
34057	Data received by our organization from electronic links are easily interpretable.
34058	The rapidity of IT change in our organization is high.
34059	Information is shared seamlessly across our organization  regardless of the location.
34060	Our organization provides multiple interfaces or entry points for external end users.
34061	Our organization utilizes online analytical processing.
34062	Our corporate database is able to communicate through many different protocols.
34063	Mobile users have ready access to the same data used at desktops.
34064	A common view of our organization's customer is available to everyone in the organization.
34065	Our organization easily adapts to various vendors' database management systems protocols and standards.
34066	Data captured in one part of our organization are immediately available to everyone in the organization.
34067	Our IT organization handles variances in corporate data formats and standards.
34068	Data rules and relations are hard coded into applications.
34069	In our organization  IT reduces the cost of transforming material inputs into customer deliverable outputs.
34070	In our organization  IT reduces the cost of receiving and warehousing product inputs.
34071	In our organization  IT reduces the cost of collecting  storing  and distributing products.
34072	In our organization  IT reduces the cost of providing service to maintain or enhance the value of the product.
34073	In our organization  IT applications assist in reducing the cost of recruiting  hiring  and training organizational personnel.
34074	In our organization  IT reduces the cost of general management activities.
34075	In our organization  IT reduces the cost of coordinating activities.
34076	In our organization  IT assists the activity of monitoring the use of resources.
34077	In our organization  IT assists the activity of upgrading a resource.
34078	In our organization  IT assists the activity of transferring or disposing of a resource.
34079	In our organization  IT applications assist in verifying that the resource meets specifications.
34080	Our organization would incur significant cost increases if we changed to alternate suppliers.
34081	IT assists our organization's ability to threaten suppliers and customers with vertical integration.
34082	IT assists in our organization's ability to evaluate and choose the most appropriate customers.
34111	Our IT personnel are knowledgeable about the key success factors that must go right if our organization is to succeed.
34112	Our IT provides unique channels to suppliers or customers that are difficult for competitors to replicate.
34113	Our IT personnel are encouraged to learn new technologies.
34114	Our IT personnel closely follow the trends in current technologies.
34115	Very little backlog of work exists for IT personnel.
34116	Investments in IT are best described as long-term and consistent.
34117	Our organization often uses IT as a component for an information-based innovation.
34118	The strategies of the IT group and our organization's strategies are well aligned.
34141	How much information contributed by others did you read?
34142	To what extent did you pay attention to the information that others contributed?
34143	To what extent did you look at the information that others contributed?
34144	To what extent were you motivated to pay attention to information contributed by others?
34145	It was easy to pay attention to others' comments.
34146	It was easy to miss the information contributed by others.
34147	I read the comments contributed by others.
34148	I incorporated the information contributed by others into my decision.
34149	To what extent did your decision take into account others' views?
34150	Others' information swayed my decision.
34151	To what extent did you use the information others contributed in making your decision?
34152	To what extent did something someone else contributed make you think more carefully about your choice (whether you changed your mind or not)?
34153	To what extent did you use the information that others contributed in making your decision (even if you made a different decision)?
34154	To what extent did the information contributed by others cause you to reevaluate your choice (even if you did not change it)?
34155	To what extent did the information contributed by others affect your decision?
34158	I believe that this vendor has a reputation for being fair.
34159	This vendor has a bad reputation in the market.
34160	This vendor has a reputation for being honest.
34161	Promises made by this vendor are kept.
34162	If problems such as software delays arise  the vendor is honest about the problems.
34163	This vendor does not make false claims.
34164	The relationship with this vendor is crucial to the mission of this organization.
34165	We are dependent on this vendor.
34166	We do not have a good alternative to this vendor.
34167	We have made significant investments in training and software dedicated to our relationship with this vendor.
34168	We have invested substantially in personnel dedicated to using this vendor’s product.
34169	If we switched to a competing vendor  we would lose a lot of the investment in our current vendor’s software.
34170	This vendor can be trusted to deliver products on time.
34171	When our vendor announces a release date for a new software product  they release it within one month of the announced date.
34172	Late product deliveries are a problem with the vendor.
34173	This vendor delivers error-free software.
34174	From past experience  we expect the software from our vendor to arrive without errors.
34175	When we use this database vendor’s software  we do not need to worry about encountering errors in the program.
34176	If this vendor promises a certain function or feature on a software package  it will be there when the software is shipped.
34177	This vendor fulfills promises related to software features and functionality.
34178	Our IT personnel understand our organization's policies and plans.
34179	Our IT personnel understand the business environments they support.
34180	Our IT personnel are encouraged to learn about business functions.
34181	Our IT personnel are able to interpret business problems and develop appropriate technical solutions.
34182	Our IT personnel are knowledgeable about business functions.
34183	Our IT personnel are knowledgeable about the environmental constraints within which the organization operates.
34184	Our IT personnel are free to assist end users as they deem necessary.
34185	Our IT personnel are knowledgeable about our organization's product delivery/logistics system methodology.
34186	Problem resolution between IT and business units is identified as a specific job task in our organization.
34187	Our IT personnel are self-directed and proactive.
34188	Our IT personnel are very capable in teaching others.
34189	Our IT personnel have the ability to plan  organize  and lead projects.
34190	Our IT personnel have the ability to plan and execute work in a collective environment.
34191	Our IT personnel have the ability to accomplish multiple assignments.
34192	Our IT personnel work well in cross-functional teams addressing business problems.
34193	Our IT personnel have the ability to work cooperatively in a project team environment.
34194	Our IT personnel have the ability to work closely with clients and customers.
34195	Our IT personnel have the ability to write clear  concise  and effective memos  reports  and documentation.
34196	Our IT personnel have the ability to develop and deliver informative and persuasive presentations.
34197	Our IT personnel are cross-trained to support other IT services outside their primary knowledge domain.
34198	Our IT personnel are skilled in multiple programming languages.
34199	Our IT personnel are skilled in multiple types of databases.
34200	Our IT personnel are skilled in multiple structured programming  CASE methods  or tools.
34201	Our IT personnel are skilled in multiple mainframe computer operating systems.
34202	Our IT personnel are skilled in multiple microcomputer operating systems.
34203	Our IT personnel are skilled in expert systems or artificial intelligence.
34204	Our IT personnel are skilled in decision support systems.
34205	Our IT personnel are competent in managing the development of life cycle of projects.
34206	Our IT personnel are skilled in distributed processing or distributed computing.
34207	Our IT personnel are skilled In network management and maintenance.
34208	Our IT personnel are skilled in developing Web-based applications.
34209	Our IT personnel are skilled in hardware diagnosis and maintenance.
34210	Our IT personnel are skilled in data warehousing  mining  or marts.
34211	In our organization IT should reduce our costs and increase quality and speed.
34212	In our organization IT should enhance the effectiveness of our overall performance.
34213	In our organization IT should extend our market and geographic reach.
34214	In our organization IT should help us to change industry and market practices.
34215	Does the IT strategy support your business strategy?
34216	What processes do senior managers use to evaluate major IT investments?  Executive management reviews of large spending proposals.
34217	Executive management reviews of large spending proposals.
34218	Justification before purchase.
34219	Formal reviews after implementation.
34220	Regular reviews by business units.
34221	Does information technology improve internal communication and coordination
34222	Does information technology strengthen strategic planning
34223	Does information technology enable your company to adopt new organizational structures
34224	Does information technology improve management decision making
34225	Does information technology streamline business processes
34226	Does information technology help your corporation gain leverage over its suppliers
34227	Does information technology help reduce variance in supplier lead times
34228	Does information technology help develop close relationships with suppliers
34229	Does information technology improve monitoring of the quality of products/services from suppliers
34230	Does information technology enable electronic transactions with suppliers
34231	Does information technology improve production throughput or service volumes
34232	Does information technology enhance operating flexibility
34233	Does information technology improve the productivity of labor
34234	Does information technology enhance utilization of equipment
34235	Does information technology reduce cost of tailoring products or services
34236	Does information technology enhance the value of products/services by embedding IT in them
34237	Does information technology decrease the cost of designing new products/services
34238	Does information technology reduce the time to market for new products/services
34239	Does information technology enhance product/service quality
34240	Does information technology support product/service innovation
34241	Does information technology enable the identification of market trends
34242	Does information technology increase the ability to anticipate customer needs
34243	Does information technology enable sales people to increase sales per customer
34244	Does information technology improve the accuracy of sales forecasts
34245	Does information technology help track market response to pricing strategies
34246	Does information technology enhance the ability to provide aftersales service and support
34247	Does information technology enhance the flexibility and responsiveness to customer needs
34248	Does information technology improve the distribution of goods and services
34249	Does information technology enhance the ability to attract and retain customers
34250	Does information technology enable you to support customers during the sales process
34320	In our organization  the information technology steering committee is charged with steering information technology activities that are in line with the strategic direction of the organization.
34324	The information technology steering committee makes resource allocation decisions in the areas of system development and recruitment for the information technology function.
34325	The information technology steering committee is created to increase visibility or for revamping of information technology.
34326	The information technology steering committee provides a mechanism for keeping and sustaining necessary reserved powers centrally.
34327	The information technology steering committee provides a mechanism for coordinating requirements and practices.
34328	The information technology steering committee is formed to enlist the support of top management for information technology activities.
34331	Our information technology projects support the business objectives and strategies of our company.
34332	We continuously examine innovative opportunities that information technology can provide for competitive advantage.
34333	We have an adequate picture of the coverage and quality of our information technology systems.
34338	We constantly monitor the performance of our information technology functions.
34339	Our information technology function is clear about its goals and responsibilities.
34340	Our information technology function is clear about its performance criteria.
34341	In our organization  user ideas are given due attention in information technology planning and implementation.
34342	Our information technology specialists understand our business and our firm.
34343	The structure of our information technology function fits our organization.
34344	The information technology specialist-user relations in our firm are constructive.
34345	In our firm  top management believes that future exploitation of information technology is of strategic importance.
34346	There is a top-down planning process for linking information technology strategy to business needs.
34386	Chief information officer approves corporate-wide information systems and technology acquisitions.
34387	Chief information officer is responsible for distributed information systems and technology.
34388	Chief information officer is responsible for corporate-wide information systems and technology policy.
34389	Chief information officer is involved in the corporate business planning process.
34390	Information systems/technology plan incorporates central  distributed and desktop domains.
34391	Planning process for information systems and technology incorporates end users.
34392	Users support distributed information technology facilities.
34393	Plan for corporate-wide information systems and technology.
34394	Formal support for end-user computing.
34395	Training programs for end-users.
34396	Information systems/technology plan reflects business goals.
34397	Assessment of potential for new technologies.
34398	Access control security.
34399	Data security.
34400	Security awareness program.
34401	Business continuity/disaster recovery plan.
34402	Distributed facilities.
34403	Office automation capabilities.
34404	Communication integration.
34405	Network integration.
34406	Information technology integration.
34407	Information systems and technology advisory/oversight committee(s).
34408	Senior management participates in advisory committees.
34409	Users participate in advisory committees.
34410	Data communication between central and distributed facilities.
34411	Inventory of company information technology facilities.
34412	Formal methodology for systems development.
34413	Inventory of corporate data and information.
34414	Standards for distributed information systems and technology.
34415	Documentation for corporate-wide information flow.
34416	Use of automated development tools.
34417	Corporate-wide adherence to information systems and technology standards.
34418	Application systems integration.
34419	Data integration between applications.
34420	Data shared between users and departments.
34421	Data administration.
34422	Corporate data architecture.
34423	Quality assurance program for information systems and facilities.
34424	Data dictionary.
34425	Lack of top management support in business reengineering efforts.
34426	Managers' failure to support the new values and beliefs demanded by the redesigned processes.
34427	Lack of senior management leadership for reengineering efforts.
34428	Lack of business reengineering project champion.
34429	Top management's insufficient understanding about business reengineering.
34430	Insufficient understanding about the goals of top management in relation to business reengineering.
34440	Lack of expertise in IT in the organization.
34441	Limited telecommunication infrastructure.
34442	Limited database infrastructure.
34443	Limited IS application infrastructure.
34444	Insufficient understanding about existing data  applications  and IT across the organization.
34445	Lack of IS participation and assistance in the reengineering project.
34446	Failure to aggressively use IT enablers.
34447	Scope of reengineered process was defined inappropriately.
34448	Failure to identify process owners who are responsible for entire business process.
34449	Difficulty in establishing performance improvements goals for the redesigned process.
34450	Failure to include process owners throughout the business reengineering effort.
34451	Difficult to forecast human resources  financial and other resource requirements.
34452	Proposed changes to the process were too incremental  not radical enough.
34453	Lack of strategic vision.
34454	Lack of appropriate planning.
34455	Lack of alignment between corporate planning and IT planning.
34456	Identification of candidate process for reengineering not based on strategic planning.
34457	Failure to understand the customers' viewpoints in the business reengineering efforts.
34458	Absence of appropriate training for BPR team members.
34459	Failure to commit the required resources to business reengineering efforts.
34460	Lack of external consultant support for business reengineering efforts.
34461	Difficulty in financially justifying benefits of business reengineering.
34462	Inadequate training for personnel affected by the redesigned process.
34463	Not enough time to develop new skills for the redesigned process.
34464	Absence of management systems (e.g.  incentive  training system) to cultivate required values.
34465	Failure to anticipate and plan for the organizational resistance to change.
34466	Failure to consider politics of the business reengineering efforts.
34467	Senior management's failure to commit to new values.
34468	Difficulty in gaining crossfunctional cooperation.
34469	Need for managing change is not recognized.
34470	Necessary changes in human resource policies for business reengineering implementation were not made.
34471	Failure to communicate reasons for change to members of the organization.
34472	Failure to assess project performance in the early stages of business reengineering efforts to provide feedback.
34473	Difficulty in measuring reengineering project performance.
34474	Lack of appropriate BPR methodology.
34475	Difficulty in gaining control of reengineering efforts.
34476	Poor communication between reengineering team members and other organizational members.
34477	Difficulty in modeling and simulating the proposed change to the business process.
34478	Failure to effectively monitor progress of project according to the schedule.
34479	The business reengineering effort takes too much time.
34480	Uncertainty about the reengineering project's time-frame.
34481	Too much emphasis on analyzing the existing process.
34525	The expert system deals with extremely unstable knowledge.
34526	The expert system task is extremely unstructured.
34527	Developers of this expert system have shown excellent people skills.
34528	Developers of this expert system have shown excellent modeling skills.
34529	The domain experts were extremely cooperative.
34530	The domain experts have shown excellent communications skills.
34531	Users have positive attitudes toward the expert system.
34532	Users have high expectations about the expert system.
34533	Users have computer and AI knowledge.
34534	The expert system is used all the time.
34535	On the average  the expert system has increased job appeal.
34570	Provide and manage required data.
34571	Manage increasing numbers of EIS users.
34572	Manage additions and/or modifications to EIS capabilities.
34573	Start with specific EIS applications.
34574	Have an EIS development/support team.
34575	Have an appropriate IS staff.
34576	Utilize appropriate technology.
34577	Deliver first version of EIS quickly.
34578	Use an iterative  evolutionary development approach.
34579	Link EIS to specific business requirements.
34580	Manage organizational resistance.
34581	EIS staff should work closely with executives.
34582	Define executive information requirements.
34583	EIS staff sells concept  then technology.
34584	Manage EIS user expectations.
34585	Have an operating sponsor.
34586	Have an executive sponsor.
34587	Have top management support.
34588	Provide visual guides through the EIS.
34589	Provide multiple modes of information presentation.
34590	Allow users to return to first screen or master menu from any screen.
34591	Provide multiple methods to find information.
34592	Provide for minimal  simple maintenance.
34593	Provide multiple interface capabilities.
34594	Easy to obtain hard copy.
34595	Provide color.
34596	Provide accurate information.
34597	Provide timely information.
34598	Provide concise information.
34599	Provide convenient information.
34600	Provide relevant information.
34601	Improve executive efficiency.
34602	Enable executives to make higher-quality decisions.
34603	Improve communications.
34604	Improve operational control.
34605	Improve executives' mental model of the firm.
34606	Adapt to changing executive information requirements.
34607	Provide exception reporting.
34608	Provide drill down.
34609	Provide soft data from human sources.
34610	Provide internal data.
34611	Provide status access.
34612	Provide trend analysis.
34613	Provide graphics capabilities.
34614	Provide access to external data.
34615	Be easy to use.
34616	Provide a fast response time.
34617	Require minimal or no training.
34667	I could use the new function if there was no one around to tell me what to do.
34668	I could use the new function if I had only written instructions to refer to.
34669	I could use the new function if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
34670	I could use the new function if I could contact someone for help if I got stuck.
34671	I could use the new function if I had a lot of time to complete the task for which the function was provided.
34672	The ESS has been easy for me to learn.
34673	I find it easy to get the ESS to do what I want it to do.
34674	The method of interacting with the ESS is clear and understandable.
34675	I find the ESS flexible to work with.
34676	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the ESS.
34677	Overall  I find the ESS easy to use.
34678	How accurate is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34679	How timely is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34680	How relevant to you  on average  is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34681	How reliable is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34682	How often do you check the accuracy of the information you get from your company's ESS?
34683	How suitable is your company's ESS for meeting your typical information needs?
34684	How easy is it for you to interpret information from your company's ESS?
34685	In terms of time and effort required to obtain information in comparison to its value in supporting decision making  how efficient do you find you company's ESS?
34686	How accurate is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34687	How timely is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34688	How relevant to you  on average  is the information you get from your company's ESS?
34689	How often is the information you get from your company's ESS exactly what you require?
34690	How suitable is your company's ESS for meeting your typical information needs?
34691	How easy is it for you to interpret information from your company's ESS?
34692	How specific to your particular needs is the information from your company's ESS?
34693	How helpful to you is your company's ESS for supporting your typical decisions?
34694	In terms of time and effort required to obtain information in comparison to its value in supporting decision making  how efficient do you find you company's ESS?
34695	Usefulness of ESS for analyzing company performance.
34696	Usefulness of ESS for developing new ways to analyze data.
34697	Impact of ESS on understanding of the business.
34698	Usefulness of ESS for staying close to the business.
34699	Usefulness of ESS for increasing focus.
34706	Usefulness of ESS for testing assumptions about the business.
34707	Usefulness of ESS for improving insights and creativity.
34708	Usefulness of ESS for keeping up with the competition.
34709	Usefulness of ESS for surpassing the competition.
34788	Overall  this type of computer support would be useful to my work group.
34789	Overall  this type of computer support would make my work group more efficient.
34790	Overall  this computer support would make my work group more effective.
34791	Overall  my work group would welcome this type of computer support.
34792	Retrieving information from data bases during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34793	Displaying information prepared with presentation graphics software during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34794	Analyzing information using tools such as electronic spreadsheets during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34795	Sending messages to other work group members during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34796	Using group brainstorming software during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34797	Using group authoring and outlining software during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34798	Using alternative rating and ranking software during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34799	Using consensus building software during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34800	Using project management software during a face to face meeting would be useful to my work group.
34910	I find it easy to recover from errors encountered while using electronic mail.
34911	The electronic mail system is rigid and inflexible to interact with.
36553	IS executive participation in the firm’s strategic to get a sense of how IT is impacting the planning process.
36554	IS executive deals with IS issues only.
36555	IS executive has some role in broader business issues.
36556	IS executive has strong role in broader business issues.
36557	IS executive does not participate in any executive committee meetings.
36558	IS executive participates in some executive committee meetings; for example  to present plans or budgets.
36559	IS executive participates in many executive committee meetings; for example  as an advisor or reviewer of technology issues.
36560	IS executive is an active member of the executive committee.
36569	There is no IT strategy.
36570	IT strategy developed by IS for IS with no business executive oversight.
36571	IT strategy developed by IS for IS with business executive oversight.
36572	IT strategy developed by IS for business units with business executive review.
36573	IT strategy jointly developed by IS and business units with joint executive review.
36574	IT is an agent of change  facilitating critical changes to business processes.
36575	IT enables business improvement by being integrated into products and services.
36576	IT facilitates strategic leadership through innovative applications.
36577	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Reduce transaction costs by making it easier for suppliers to handle orders.
36578	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Help to reduce variance in supplier lead times.
36579	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Enhance the ability to monitor the quality of products/services from suppliers.
36580	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Facilitate the development of close relationships with suppliers.”
36581	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Improve the levels of production or throughput.
36582	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Reduce the level of production/service required for economies of scale.
36583	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Improve the utilization of machinery.
36584	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Improve the productivity of labor through automation.
36585	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Reduce the development time for new products/services.
36586	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Reduce the time-to-market for new products/services.
36587	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Reduce the cycle time for development of new products/services.
36588	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.:  Reduce the cost of designing new products/services.
36589	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Help to track market response to pricing strategies.
36590	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Track market response to discounts.
36591	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Track market response to promotional or introductory pricing.
36592	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Facilitate targeted response to competitors’ pricing strategies.
36593	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Enable your corporation to provide administrative support to customers.
36594	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Facilitate a higher level of flexibility and responsiveness to customer needs.
36595	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Facilitate the development of detailed customer databases.
36596	To what extent does IT contribute to the overall performance of your company along each of the following dimensions? Please limit your appraisal to realized  not expected impacts.: Provide online access of your corporation’s products/services to customers.
36909	I would like to participate in another scenario using the same group tools we used today.
36910	This problem-solving process was: not at all stimulating - stimulating.
36911	I found this problem-solving process to be arousing.
36912	This session was dull.
36913	The process we used was: extremely fulfilling - extremely unfulfilling.
36914	In solving the problem we were: extremely inefficient - extremely efficient.
36915	We really accomplished something here today.
36916	It felt like we won.
36917	Today's meeting was dissatisfying.
36918	How would you rate the problem-solving process used for this session?
36919	I did NOT enjoy myself.
36920	Solving the problem was: extremely gratifying - extremely ungratifying.
36921	This was a boring session.
36922	I felt motivated to generate a large number of ideas.
36923	Today's meeting was satisfying.
36924	This session was: extremely uninteresting - extremely interesting.
36989	How important is background (latent) knowledge?
37087	Project costs exceeded budget.
37088	Capabilities of the system fit well with customer or user needs.
37089	Major rework was required.
37090	The project plan and estimates were realistic.
37091	Project team members received training in following the software process.
37092	The software process followed on this project was similar to that on other projects in your organization.
37093	The technical staff was in frequent contact with eventual users of the software.
37094	A senior team thoroughly reviewed the design.
37095	Prototypes of key modules were built before requirements were frozen.
37096	People with relevant technical expertise contributed to requirements analysis.
39412	Which of the following best describes the means of determining the objectives in your IS organization?: Objectives are set informally by the IS manager.
39413	Which of the following best describes the means of determining the objectives in your IS organization?: Objectives are set formally by the IS manager.
39414	Which of the following best describes the means of determining the objectives in your IS organization?: Objectives are set by top management.
39415	Which of the following best describes the means of determining the objectives in your IS organization?: Objectives are derived from overall business objectives in cooperation with top management.
39416	Develop (design and implement) databases using a generalized database management system (IMS  TOTAL  ADABAS  IDS).
39417	Develop structured (or modular) programs.
39418	Analyze communication systems (estimate line and terminal requirements  volume and message length  queues  etc.).
39419	Recognize the appropriate management science (operations research) model for situations commonly encountered.
39420	Formulate and solve complex simulation models.
39421	Identify in an ongoing organizational situation the key issues and ptovlems of a given functional area (production  finance  marketing  etc.).
39422	Determine the positive and negative impacts of a specified information system on specified parts of the organization.
39423	Communicate and interact with non-computer oriented people.
39424	Recognize and remove personality problems which interfere with job completion.
39425	The privacy issue and its implications on databanks (both private and public).
39426	The impact of computers on industrial  clerical  and managerial positions.
39427	Prepare effective user documentation for either a portion of a system or an entire system.
39428	Evaluate system performance and make needed adjustments to a system after implementation.
39463	The job requires a lot of cooperative work with other people.
39464	How satisfied are you with the people you talk to and work with on your job?
39465	Just doing the work required by the job provides many chances for me to figure out how well I am doing.
39466	Generally speaking  I am very satisfied with my job.
39467	How satisifed are you with the amount of personal growth and development you get in doing you job?
39468	To what extent does your supervisor encourage the people who work for him to work as a team?
39469	I do things that are apt to be accepted by one person and not by others.
39470	I receive an assignment without adequate resources and materials to execute it.
39471	I have to do things that should be done differently.
39472	There are clear planned goals and objectives for my job.
39473	The job requires me to use a number of complex or high-level skills.
39474	To what extent does your supervisor encourage people to give their best effort?
39475	How satisfied are you with the amount of support and guidance you receive from your supervisor?
39476	To what extent is your supervisor friendly and easy to approach?
39477	The job is arranged so that I do not have the chance to do an entire piece of work from beginning to end.
39478	This job is one where a lot of other people can be affected by how well the work gets done.
39479	To what extent does your supervisor show you how to improve your performance?
39492	How often is the external information that you have on hand at the beginning of a task adequate to complete the task?
39496	Industry data.
39497	Opportunities for mergers and acquisitions.
39498	Raw material suppliers.
39499	Labor supply.
39500	Public opinion.
39501	Technology.
39502	Customers.
39503	Competitors.
39519	Vendor support.
39520	Training provided users.
39521	Top management involvement.
39522	Response/turnaround time.
39523	Completeness of output.
39524	Technical competence of EDP staff.
39525	In your view  to what extent does each unit’s management team recognize the potential of IT as a competitive weapon?
39526	In your view  to what extent does each unit’s management team recognize IT as a tool to increase the productivity of clerical employees?
39527	In your view  to what extent does each unit’s management team recognize IT as a tool to increase the productivity of professional employees?
39528	Decision making in our IS group tends to occur in a decentralized manner.
39529	In our IS group  operating rules and standard procedures play important roles in how decisions are handled.
39530	Planning is seen as high-priority in our IS group.
39531	Identifying ways to serve the enterprise with new information products and services occupies a considerable amount of our IS group’s time.
39532	Managers of different departments in our IS group seldom have conflicting goals and objectives.
39533	Task forces are frequently used by our IS group to handle critical issues.
39534	Our IS group dedicates a considerable amount of its resources to planning efforts.
39535	Existing procedures and guidelines hinder individuals in our IS group from trying out new ideas.
39536	Ideas tend to flow horizontally as well as vertically throughout our IS group.
39537	The pressures that arise in handling day-to-day tasks keep our IS group from planning for its future.
39538	Innovation is seen as being closely tied to the degree of success or failure of our IS group achievements.
39539	There tends to be disagreement over important issues between the managers of the different departments in our IS group.
39540	Decision-making responsibilities in our IS group are pushed down to the lowest possible level.
39541	Our IS group often uses temporary teams in resolving problems that arise.
39542	There is a strong feeling in our IS group that a common purpose exists.
39543	Individuals in our IS group rely on formal lines of authority when handling important issues.
39544	Managers within our IS group tend to disagree on the overall mission of IS within the enterprise.
39545	The various departments within our IS group often seem to be moving in different directions.
39546	Our IS group explicitly rewards individuals of departments for generating new ideas.
39547	Individuals in our IS group rarely establish informal contacts with people outside of their own departments.
39548	In our IS group  managers of different departments meet frequently to discuss important issues.
39549	The large number of people that tend to get involved with important issues slows down the decision-making process within our IS group.
39551	I have become dependent on DSS.
39552	As a result of DSS  I am seen as more valuable in this organization.
39553	I personally benefitted from the existence of DSS in this organization.
39554	I have come to rely on DSS in performing my job.
39555	All in all I think that DSS is an important system for this organization.
39556	DSS is extremely useful.
39557	Utilization of DSS has enabled me to make better decisions.
39558	As a result of DSS  I am better able to set my priorities in decision making.
39559	Use of data generated by DSS has enabled me to present my arguments more convincingly.
39560	DSS has improved the quality of decisions I make in this organization.
39561	As a result of DSS  the speed at which I analyze decisions has increased.
39562	As a result of DSS  more relevant information has been available to me for decision making.
39563	DSS has led me to greater use of analytical aids in my decision making.
39564	I was given sufficient training to utilize DSS.
39565	Top management feels that the time and resources spent on the development of DSS models is wisely invested.
39566	Top management is strongly in favor of the concept of DSS.
39603	Supervisor-subordinate relations.
39604	Tolerance of conflict.
39605	Team orientation.
39606	Upward communication.
39607	Disseminating general information.
39608	Setting an example.
39609	Manager feedback.
39610	Recognition or praise.
39673	The accuracy of the information I receive will be improved by the PCS.
39674	How repetitious are your duties?
39717	Overall  how would you rate  your satisfaction with this application?
39763	I get a personal feeling of satisfaction doing my job.
39764	I don’t care what happens to the organization as long as I get my paycheck.
39765	All in all  I am satisfied with my job.
39766	The degree of understanding I have about the system.
39767	The level of confidence I have about the information contained in the system.
39768	The level of control I feel over the system.
39769	My level of familiarity with the system.
39770	My general level of satisfaction with the system.
39771	Assuming Pendraw would be available on my job  I predict that I will use it on a regular basis in the future.
39775	I am satisfied with the success I have achieved in my career.
39776	I really care about the fate of my organization.
39777	I can trust this website.
39778	I trust the information presented on this website.
39779	I trust the transaction process on this website.
40177	If I had a challenging legal problem  I would want to use LegalAdvice.com again.
40203	IT is a low-cost information utility.
40296	I feel apprehensive about working at a computer terminal.
40297	I believe that WordPerfect merging is a task on which I can perform well.
40298	It is just not possible for me to use WordPerfect Merging as well as I would like.
40299	I felt very involved.
40300	I felt like I was just going through the motions.
40320	What processes do senior managers use to evaluate major IT investments?  Justification before purchase.
40321	What processes do senior managers use to evaluate major IT investments?  Formal reviews after implementation.
40322	What processes do senior managers use to evaluate major IT investments?  Regular reviews by business units.
40323	How likely is it that this information system will enable you to make a good decision?
40324	How likely is it that  by using this information system  you will be able to make decisions quickly?
40325	How likely is it that you will be very confident in the decisions you make using this information system?
40326	How likely is it that you will be very satisfied with the information system?
40327	This class was what I expected.
40328	I have used the material covered in this class.
40329	This class has helped me in my job.
40330	Material covered was too technical.
40331	The support text and handouts were useful.
40332	The  hands on  approach was good.
40333	The class atmosphere was conducive to learning.
40334	I had no problem scheduling the computer for homewok.
40335	I learned from this class.
40336	I enjoyed the class.
40337	Method of instruction.
40338	Ability to answer questions.
40339	Time devoted to  hands on  for the student.
40340	Preparation for class.
40341	Teacher's attitude.
40342	Ability to apply subject matter.
40343	Ability to challenge.
40344	Ability to present material in an interesting manner.
40345	Treatment of students in class.
40346	In general  the job done by the instructor.
40347	Your productivity on the job has: significantly decreased - significantly increased.
40348	The system has helped you in performing the job.
40349	Your degree of satisfaction with this computer system.
40350	Reliability of output information.
40351	Timeliness of the output information.
40352	Completeness and accuracy of output information.
40353	Completeness and accuracy of output information.
40354	The information  if available before the current system was developed  is described as: usable - not usable.
40355	Time required  before this system  to produce the information provided by this system.
40356	Information provided by this system compared to that available before this system.
40357	The overall degree of quality of this system.
40358	Please indicate the extent to which each of the following activities represents a part of your job: prepare reports for other units in the organization.
40359	Please indicate the extent to which each of the following activities represents a part of your job: act as a liason with other units in the organization.
40360	Please indicate the extent to which each of the following activities represents a part of your job: Assist other units in determining appropriate uses of information technology.
40361	I receive incompatible requests from two or more people.
40362	I have to do things that should be done differently.
40363	I have clear  planned goals and objectives for my job.
40364	I feel certain about how much authority I have.
40365	To what extent does your current job situation permit you to work on professionally important projects?
40366	To what extent does your current job situation permit you to have freedom to be creative and original?
40367	To what extent does your current job situation permit you to receive substantial annual salary increases?
40368	To what extent does your current job situation permit you to work on projects leading to advancement?
40369	I am very much involved personally in my job.
40370	Most of my interests are centered around my job.
40371	There are excellent opportunities for me to transfer to another job within the same organization.
40372	Generally speaking  I am very satisfied with my job.
40373	I am satisfied with the success I have achieved in my career.
40374	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward achieving my overall career goals.
40375	I really care about the fate of my organization.
40376	I feel bery little loyalty to my organization.
40378	To what extent was the project characterized by formal  explicit stages of development (e.g.  feasibility study  analysis  design  detailed design  …  etc.)?
40379	To what extent was there a conscious effort by members of the system development team to develop a small portion of the system and to iteratively (i.e.  repeated feedback through the process) refine and enhance it?
40380	To what extent did you use and interact with a working model of the system?
40381	To what extent do you actually use this system compared to your original expectations?
40382	To what extent could you get along without the use of the system?
40383	To what extent does this system assist you in performing your job better?
40384	To what extent do you actually use the reports or output that are provided to you by the system?
40385	To what extent does this system provide report(s) to you that seem to be just about exactly what you need?
40386	To what extent do you understand what this system does in assisting you with your job?
40387	To what extent do data that you receive from this system require correction?
40388	To what extent does this system overload you with more data than it seems you can possibly use?
40389	To what extent is the system troublesome for you  or difficult to operate  or to interact with  in order for you to get information to accomplish your job?
40390	To what extent would you like this system to be modified or redesigned all over again from the beginning?
40417	They will have up-to-date hardware and software.
40418	Their physical facilities will be visually appealing.
40419	Their employees will be well dressed and neat in appearance.
40420	The appearance of the physical facilities of these IS units will be in keeping with the kind of services provided.
40421	When these IS units promise to do something by a certain time  they will do so.
40422	When users have a problem  these IS units will show a sincere interest in solving it.
40423	These IS units will be dependable.
40424	They will provide their services at the times they promise to do so.
40425	They will insist on error-free records.
40426	They will tell users exactly when services will be performed.
40427	Employees will give prompt service to users.
40428	Employees will always be willing to help users.
40429	Employees will never be too busy to respond to users’ requests.
40430	The behavior of employees will instill confidence in users.
40431	Users will feel safe in their transactions with these IS units employees.
40432	Employees will be consistently courteous with users.
40433	Employees will have the knowledge to do their job well.
40434	These IS units will give users individual attention.
40435	These IS units will have operating hours convenient to all their users.
40436	These IS units will have employees who give users personal attention.
40437	These IS units will have the users’ best interests at heart.
40438	The employees of these IS units will understand the specific needs of their users.
40439	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Frequency of customer needs research
40440	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Segmentation into customer groups
40441	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Use of nonfinancial indicators by management
40442	To what extent were the following design options applied?: Use of financial indicators by workforce
40443	Indicate on the following set of indicators which performance improvements were intended. If possible  quantify these intended improvements with a percentage: Cost
40444	Indicate on the following set of indicators which performance improvements were intended. If possible  quantify these intended improvements with a percentage:  Cycle time
40477	I frequently deal with ill-defined business problems.
40478	I frequently deal with ad-hoc  non-routine business problems.
40479	Frequently the business problems I work on involve answering questions that have never been asked in quite that form before.
40480	The business problems I deal with frequently involve more than one business function.
40481	The problems I deal with frequently involve more than one business function.
40482	The company computer environment has a large  positive impact on my effectiveness productivity in my job.
40483	IS computer systems and services are an important and valuable aid to me in the performance of my job.
40484	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: blood type.
40485	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: height.
40486	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: vehicle.
40487	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: shoe size.
40488	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: hair color.
40489	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: age.
40490	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: location at 7 P.M.
40491	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: tattoos.
40492	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: location at 10 P.M.
40493	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: eye color.
40494	Rate each of the following physical clues as to their importance in reaching your decision: weight.
40495	Our communication process was: chaotic - ordered.
40496	The progress in finding clues was: vigorous - feeble.
40497	The opportunities to study the evidence were: limited - unlimited.
40498	Decision accomplishment was: fast - slow.
40499	Attention to the decision task was: strong - weak.
40500	Case discussion comments were: meaningful - meaningless.
40501	My chances to contribute were: complete - incomplete.
40502	Freedom to express my thoughts was: good - bad.
40503	The case discussion atmosphere was: relaxed - tense.
40504	My freedom to participate was: constrained - free.
40505	My opportunities to communicate were: large - small.
40506	I found participation to be: difficult - easy.
40507	The opportunity to participate was: unfair - fair.
40536	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Giving negative feedback (criticizing subordinates' actions when appropriate).
40537	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Using your authority to ensure that your subordinates accomplish important tasks.
40538	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Providing new employees with adequate training for the introduction to the job at hand.
40539	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Keeping track of subordinates' training and special skills as they relate to job assignments so as to facilitate their personal growth and development.
40540	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Joining boards  organizations  dubs  etc.  which might provide useful work-related contacts.
40541	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Developing personal relationships with people outside your unit who feed you work or services (e.g.  purchasing  suppliers  consultants  inspectors  etc.).
40542	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Attending social functions which allow you to keep up your contact.
40543	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Maintaining your personal network of contacts through visits or phone calls.
40544	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Developing new contacts by answering requests for information.
40545	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Developing contacts with important people outside your immediate department.
40546	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Learning about new ideas originating outside of your department.
40547	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Attending conferences or meetings to maintain your contacts.
40548	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Answering letters of inquiries on behalf of your department.
40549	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Keeping other people informed about your department's activities and plans.
40550	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Presiding at meetings as a representative of your department.
40551	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Solving problems by instituting needed changes in your department.
40552	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Initiating controlled change in your unit.
40553	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Keeping up with market changes and trends that might have an impact on your department.
40554	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Allocating equipment or materials.
40555	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Allocating manpower to specific jobs or tasks.
40556	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Deciding for which programs to provide resources (manpower  material  etc.).
40557	Please rate the importance of the following tasks as they are related to your job: Allocating monies within your unit.
40558	To what extent: Is the information system user aware of system projects?
40559	To what extent: Is the user capable of participation in various aspects of system projects?
40560	To what extent: Is the user capable of leadership in various aspects of system projects?
40561	To what extent: Are rules  procedures  and organizational activities documented with formal paperwork with respect to information systems?
40562	To what extent: Is information system planning linked with organizational planning?
40563	To what extent: Does your organization employ rules and procedures in application development and use?
40564	To what extent: Does your organization use any information systems for creating competitive advantage?
40565	To what extent: Is information technology dispersed in your organization?
40566	To what extent: Does each organizational unit or function have its own information systems?
40567	To what extent: Does each organizational unit or function create and develop its own systems?
40568	To what extent: Are information systems support personnel centralized in one place within your organization?
40569	To what extent: Is the information system department responsible for performing systems analysis?
40570	To what extent: Is your information system department responsible for performing systems design?
40571	To what extent: Is your information system department responsible for making policies with regard to hardware?
40572	To what extent: Is your information system department responsible for performing systems planning?
40590	Does the system provide the precise information you need?
40591	Does the information content meet your needs?
40592	Does the system provide reports that seem to be just about exactly what you need?
40593	Does the system provide sufficient information?
40594	Is the system accurate?
40595	Are you satisfied with the accuracy of the system?
40596	Do you think the output is presented in a useful format?
40597	Is the information clear?
40598	Is the system user friendly?
40599	Is the system easy to use?
40600	Do you get the information you need in time?
40601	Does the system provide up-to-date information?
40604	How would you evaluate your behavior as the supervisor?
40605	How morally obligated are you to take the necessary correction action in this case?
40609	Help is available from this organization when I have a problem.
40610	The organzation fairly rewards me for the amount of effort I put forth.
40611	While at work  I feel lonely.
40612	This worker performs the tasks that are expected as part of the job.
40613	This worker volunteers to do things.
40614	This worker follows work rules and instructions with extreme care.
40615	This worker defends this organization when others criticize it.
40616	I am willing to share confidential information with this worker.
40617	Quality of work completed is high.
40684	Building a new business enterprise is: of no importance - centrally important.
40685	I am always on the lookout for ideas that would permit me to start and build my own enterprise.
40686	I have always wanted to start and build up a business of my own.
40687	An employer who will provide security through guaranteed work  benefits  a good retirement program  etc.  is: of no importance - centrally important.
40688	An organization that will give me long-run stability is: of no importance - centrally important.
40689	Remaining in one geographical area rather than moving because of a promotion is: of no importance - centrally important.
40690	It is more important for me to remain in my present geographical location than to receive a promotion or new job assignment in another location: of no importance - centrally important.
40691	The process of supervising  influencing  leading  and controlling people at all levels is: of no importance - centrally important.
40692	To be in charge of a whole organization is: of no importance - centrally important.
40693	To rise to a high position in general management is: of no importance - centrally important.
40694	Using my skills to make the world a better place to live and work in is: of no importance - centrally important.
40695	Being able to use my skills and talents in the service of an important cause is: of no importance - centrally important.
40696	I want a career in which I can be committed and devoted to an important cause.
40697	Remaining in my specialized area as opposed to being promoted out of my area of expertise is: of no importance - centrally important.
40698	Remaining in my area of expertise throughout my career is: of no importance - centrally important.
40699	I will accept a management position only if it is in my area of expertise.
40700	The chance to do things my own way and not to be constrained by the rules of an organization is: of no importance - centrally important.
40701	A career that is free from organization restrictions is: of no importance - centrally important.
40702	I do not want to be constrained by either an organization or the business world.
40703	Working on problems that are almost insoluble is: of no importance - centrally important.
40704	The only real challenge in my career has been confronting and solving tough problems  no matter what area they were in.
40705	I feel successful only if I am constantly challenged by a tough problem or a competitive situation.
40706	Developing a career that permits me to continue to pursue my own life-style is: of no importance - centrally important.
40707	A career is worthwhile only if it enables me to lead my life in my own way.
40708	Choosing and maintaining a certain life-style is more important than is career success.
40709	I am satisfied with the success I have achieved in my career.
40710	I am satisfied with the progress I have made toward achieving my overall career goals.
40711	I take things or situations apart to find out how they work.
40712	I encourage more formal meetings.
40713	I stick to rules and protocol.
40714	I try new ideas and new approaches to problems.
40715	I will be counted on to find a new use for existing methods or existing equipment.
40716	I discipline people who depart from the accepted organizational routine.
40717	Among my colleagues and co-workers  I will be the first or nearly first to try out a new idea or method.
40718	I will work on a problem which has caused others great difficulty.
40719	I demonstrate originality.
40720	I turn down risky assignments.
40808	The new system will require the acquisition and installation of new hardware.
40809	The new system will require the acquisition and installation of new software.
40814	Compared to other information system projects developed in your organization  the scheduled number of person-days for completing this project is: Much Lower Than Average - Much Higher Than Average.
40815	Compared to other information system projects developed in your organization  the scheduled number of months for completing this project is: Much Lower Than Average/Much Higher Than Average.
40816	Compared to other information system projects developed in your organization  the dollar budget allocated to this project is: Much Lower Than Average - Much Higher Than Average.
40820	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of development methodology used in this project: No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40821	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of development support tools used in this project (e.g.  DFD  flowcharts  ER model  CASE tools): No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40822	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of project management tools used in this project (e.g.  PERT charts  Gantt diagrams  walkthroughs  project management software): No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40823	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of implementation tools used in this project (e.g.  programming languages  data base inquiry languages  screen generators): No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40824	The members of the development team are: Very familiar with this type of application - Unfamiliar with this type of application.
40825	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of overall knowledge of organizational operations: No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40826	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of in-depth knowledge of the functioning of user departments: No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40827	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of overall administrative experience and skill: No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40828	Please evaluate the team's level of expertise in terms of expertise in the specific application area of this system: No Expertise - Outstanding Expertise.
40829	Please evaluate the overall ability of the development team in terms of ability to work with undefined elements and uncertain objectives: Low - Outstanding.
40830	Please evaluate the overall ability of the development team in terms of ability to work with top management: Low - Outstanding.
40831	Please evaluate the overall ability of the development team in terms of ability to work effectively in a team: Low - Outstanding.
40832	Please evaluate the overall ability of the development team in terms of ability to successfully complete a task: Low - Outstanding.
40833	Please evaluate the overall ability of the development team in terms of ability to understand the human implications of a new information system: Low - Outstanding.
40834	Please evaluate the overall ability of the development team in terms of ability to carry out tasks quickly: Low - Outstanding.
40835	Generally speaking  the users of this application have a positive opinion regarding the way in which the system can meet their needs: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40836	Generally speaking  the users of this application feel they need computerized support in carrying out the tasks for which this system is being developed: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40837	Generally speaking  the users of this application are not enthusiastic about the project: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40838	Generally speaking  the users of this application have negative attitudes regarding the use of computers in their work: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40839	Generally speaking  the users of this application are ready to accept the various changes the system will entail: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40840	Generally speaking  the users of this application do not actively participate in requirement definition: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40841	Generally speaking  the users of this application are available to answer the development team's questions: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40842	Generally speaking  the users of this application are aware of the importance of their role in successfully completing the project: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40843	Generally speaking  the users of this application are not very familiar with information system development tasks and life cycle stages: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40844	Generally speaking  the users of this application are an integral part of the development team: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40845	Generally speaking  the users of this application are not very familiar with data processing as a working tool: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40846	Generally speaking  the users of this application have little experience with the activities to be  supported by the future application: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40847	Generally speaking  the users of this application quickly respond to development team requests (for information  comments  approvals): strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40848	Generally speaking  the users of this application will have no constraints in fulfilling their development responsibilities with respect to this system: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40849	Generally speaking  the users of this application are not very familiar with this type of application: strongly disagree - strongly agree.
40850	Referring to the application currently being developed  how would you evaluate the technical complexity of the hardware (computers  networks): slightly complex - highly complex.
40851	Referring to the application currently being developed  how would you evaluate the technical complexity of the software: slightly complex - highly complex.
40852	Referring to the application currently being developed  how would you evaluate the technical complexity of the database: slightly complex - highly complex.
40855	The development of this system will require that user tasks be modified: Only slightly - A great deal.
40856	In general  this application will lead to: Few changes in the organization - Major changes in the organization.
40857	The development of this system will require that user tasks be modified: Only slightly - A great deal.
40858	In general  this application will lead to: Few changes in the organization - Major changes in the organization.
40859	In order to develop and implement this system  the scheduled number of person-days is: More Than Enough - Extremely Insufficient.
40860	In order to develop and implement this system  the scheduled number of months is: More Than Enough - Extremely Insufficient.
40861	In order to develop and implement this system  the dollar budget provided is: More Than Enough - Extremely Insufficient.
40862	Within the framework of this project  conflicts between team members: Rarely occur - Frequently occur.
40863	Within the framework of this project  conflicts between team members: Are not very serious - Are very serious.
40864	Within the framework of this project  conflicts between team members: Concern relatively unimportant matters - Concern very important matters.
40865	Within the framework of this project  conflicts between the users and the team members: Rarely occur - Frequently occur.
40866	Within the framework of this project  conflicts between the users and the team members: Are not very serious - Are very serious.
40867	Within the framework of this project  conflicts between the users and the team members: Concern relatively unimportant matters - Concern very important matters.
40868	The role of each member of the project team is: Clearly Defined - Not Clearly Defined.
40869	Communications between those involved in the project are: Pleasant - Unpleasant.
40870	The role of each person involved in the project is: Clearly Defined - Not Clearly Defined.
40871	The sequence of steps to be carried out to successfully complete these activities is: Easy to identify - Hard to identify.
40872	While the consequences of some activities are easy to predict  others are often unpredictable. The consequences of the activities in question are: Easy to predict - Hard to predict.
40873	A well-defined body of knowledge on which to base the execution of these activities: Exists - Does not exist.
40874	In general  one can determine whether or not the activities were successfully performed: Immediately - After a long period of time.
40875	When problems arise in carrying out these activities  getting help is: Easy - Difficult.
40876	When carrying out these activities  problems which cannot be immediately resolved arise: Rarely - Frequently.
40877	Solving these problems typically requires: Little time - A lot of time.
40878	In your opinion  these activities are: Routine - Always new.
40879	In general  carrying out these activities requires the use of: A large number of methods and procedures - A small number of methods and procedures.
40880	These rules and procedures are: Rarely subject to change - Frequently subject to change.
40881	Carrying out these activities requires: A large number of different steps - A small number of different steps.
40882	These activities can be performed in: Many different ways - Only one way.
40883	Carrying out these activities generally involves: A large number of repetitive tasks - A small number of repetitive tasks.
40884	When carrying out these activities  the extent of variety with respect to situations  actors  and tasks is: Low - High.
40885	Regardless of the actors or the specific situations  the tasks and the procedures involved in carrying out these activities are: Always the same - Extremely varied.
40886	In carrying out these activities: There is a single objective to reach - There are multiple objectives to reach.
40887	When carrying out these activities all objectives: Can be reached - Cannot be reached.
40888	When choosing a specific way to proceed: One knows what the result will be - One does not know what the result will be.
40889	When evaluating the way in which all of these activities were carried out  the measure of their success is based on: One criterion - Several criteria.
40890	Carrying out these activities depends on the execution of: Many other related activities - Only a few other related activities.
40891	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of customer relations: little impact - large impact.
40892	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of financial health: little impact - large impact.
40893	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of reputation of the information system department: little impact - large impact.
40894	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of profitability: little impact - large impact.
40895	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of competitive position: little impact - large impact.
40896	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of organizational efficiency: little impact - large impact.
40897	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of organizational image: little impact - large impact.
40898	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of the survival of the organization: little impact - large impact.
40899	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of market share: little impact - large impact.
40900	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of reputation of the user department: little impact - large impact.
40901	If  for some reason  the information system being developed is not implemented or if it has operational problems  what impact would this have on your organization in terms of ability to carry out current operations: little impact - large impact.
40923	I avoid writing.
40924	I like to write.
40925	I find writing easy.
40926	I often write for my own enjoyment.
40927	I like to have my writing evaluated.
40931	The University is committed to a vision of using course Web sites in teaching.
40932	The University is committed to supporting my efforts in using course Web sites for teaching.
40933	The University strongly encourages the use of course Web sites for teaching.
40934	The University will recognize my efforts in using course Web sites for teaching.
40935	The use of course Web sites for teaching is important to the University.
40936	My department is committed to a vision of using course Web sites in teaching.
40937	My department is committed to supporting my efforts in using course Web sites for teaching.
40938	My department strongly encourages the use of course Web sites for teaching.
40939	My department will recognize my efforts in using course Web sites for teaching.
40940	The use of course Web sites for teaching is important to my Department.
40941	My departmental faculty colleagues think that using a course Web site is valuable for teaching.
40942	The opinions of my departmental faculty colleagues are important to me.
40943	People in informal groups to which I belong think using a course Web site is valuable for teaching.
40944	The opinions of the people in informal groups to which I belong are important to me.
40945	People in my academic discipline think that using a course Web site is valuable for teaching.
40946	The opinions of the people in my academic discipline are important to me.
40947	My department chair thinks that using a course Web site is valuable for teaching.
40948	The opinions of my department chair are important to me.
40949	My dean thinks that using a course Web site is valuable for teaching.
40950	The opinions of my dean are important to me.
40951	I could complete the job using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
40952	I could complete the job using the software package if I had never used a package like it before.
40953	I could complete the job using the software package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
40954	I could complete the job using the software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
40955	I could complete the job using the software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
40956	I could complete the job using the software package if someone else had helped me get started.
40957	I could complete the job using the software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
40958	I could complete the job using the software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
40959	I could complete the job using the software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
40960	I could complete the job using the software package if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
40961	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
40962	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
40963	In general  I am hesitant to try out new information technologies.
40964	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
40965	My interaction with a course Web site to support my teaching is clear and understandable.
40966	When using a course Web site to support my teaching  it is easy to get the software tools that I use to do what I want them to do.
40967	Overall  I believe that it is easy to use a course Web site to support my teaching.
40968	Learning to use a course Web site to support my teaching is easy for me.
40969	Using a course Web site enables me to accomplish my teaching tasks more quickly.
40970	Using a course Web site improves the quality of my teaching.
40971	Using a course Web site makes teaching easier.
40972	Using a course Web site enhances my teaching effectiveness.
40973	Using a course Web site gives me greater control over my teaching.
40974	During disagreements  group members examined most  but not all  of the criteria of the members involved.
40975	Conflict was resolved so as to satisfy most  but not all  of the objectives of the conflicting parties.
40976	The solutions to group conflict situations attempted to satisfy some of the criteria of each of the parties concerned.
40977	When resolving conflict members attempted to integrate the objectives of all conflicting parties into the solution.
40978	Group members examined the basis for disagreements  and attempted to ensure that all criteria were met.
40979	Conflict was resolved to the satisfaction of all members involved.
40980	In conflict situations  some of the parties involved yielded to the other  even though they didn't agree with the outcome.
40981	Some group members dominated others during disagreements.
40982	During arguments  some members attempted to win their positions.
40983	The solutions of some conflict situations satisfied criteria of only some of the parties involved.
40984	Group members attempted to avoid confronting each other  even when they disagreed with someone's opinion.
40985	Group members did not acknowledge and confront conflict openly.
40986	Group members ignored others who expressed a different point of view.
40987	During the group meeting  members avoided taking controversial positions.
40988	During conflict members attempted to get all issues and concerns out in the open.
40989	The group tended to disagree over alternatives.
40990	The conflict experienced by the group was directly related to the task.
40991	Group members debated at length over some of the alternatives.
40992	Group members disagreed over alternative solutions proposed.
40993	During the group meeting  members advocated different points of view.
40994	The differences experienced by the group were task-related.
40995	The group experienced conflict during the meeting.
40996	To what extent did the group members acknowledge and confront conflict openly?
40997	Members confronted each other on personal matters.
40998	Group members made negative remarks about other persons in the group.
40999	The conflict expressed by group members was targeted at particular person(s) in the group.
41000	Altercations between group members were based on personality differences.
41001	During conflict some group members tended to ridicule others.
41002	Group conflict tended to be interpersonal in nature.
41003	The conflict experienced improved the final decision of the group.
41004	The group handled conflict experienced productively.
41005	The conflict experienced had a negative effect on the final solution.
41006	The conflict experienced inhibited group communication.
41007	Future group interactions are likely to improve because of the conflict experienced by the group today.
41008	Future group interactions are likely to deteriorate because of the conflict experienced by the group today.
41009	The conflict experienced caused a great deal of confusion.
41010	The conflict experienced improved group communication.
41011	You spent 8 hours in the Decision Support Centre to achieve today's result. How many hours would you expect to spend to achieve the same result by conventional means?
41012	Using conventional means the process would most likely have spread over [] days.
41013	Overall  I thought the workshop was excellent.
41014	I enjoyed being a member of this group.
41015	Participants  both as individuals and as a group  were productive.
41016	The way the session was run by the facilitator was excellent.
41017	The use of the whiteboards was highly effective.
41018	The computer facilities were easy to use.
41019	The computer facilities were highly effective.
41020	Typing enabled me to focus and refine my ideas before  going public .
41021	The Decision Support Centre technology is fun to use.
41022	Internal politics were largely absent from today's meeting.
41023	The rank of participants did not inhibit the free flow of ideas.
41024	The personality of participants did not inhibit the free flow of ideas.
41025	I felt actively involved throughout the day.
41026	All group members participated equally.
41027	Participants  both as individuals and as a group  were creative.
41028	I was willing to give valuable information to others in the group.
41029	I was able to give valuable information to others in the group.
41030	I received valuable ideas from others on issues of significance to me.
41031	I received support from others on issues of significance to me.
41032	The issues surfaced during the morning's brainstorming were highly relevant.
41033	At least one of the action plans developed is worthy of my active support.
41034	Overall  I thought the workshop was excellent.
41035	I enjoyed being a member of this group.
41036	Participants  both as individuals and as a group  were productive.
41037	The way the session was run by the facilitator was excellent.
41038	The use of the whiteboards was highly effective.
41039	The computer facilities were easy to use.
41040	The computer facilities were highly effective.
41041	Typing enabled me to focus and refine my ideas before  going public .
41042	The Decision Support Centre technology is fun to use.
41043	Internal politics were largely absent from today's meeting.
41044	The rank of participants did not inhibit the free flow of ideas.
41045	The personality of participants did not inhibit the free flow of ideas.
41046	I felt actively involved throughout the day.
41047	All group members participated equally.
41048	Participants  both as individuals and as a group  were creative.
41049	I was willing to give valuable information to others in the group.
41050	I was able to give valuable information to others in the group.
41051	I received valuable ideas from others on issues of significance to me.
41052	I received support from others on issues of significance to me.
41053	The issues surfaced during the morning's brainstorming were highly relevant.
41054	At least one of the action plans developed is worthy of my active support.
41065	How much conflict was there between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning this project?
41066	How often did conflicts occur between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning this project?
41067	How intense were the conflicts between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning this project?
41068	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you suggest that you work together to create solutions?
41069	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you try to bring both parties’ concerns out into the open so that you could find a joint solution?
41070	When the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they suggest that you work together to create solutions?
41071	When the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they try to bring both parties’ concerns out into the open so that you could find a joint solution?
41086	In situations where you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you insist that your position be accepted?
41087	In situations where you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you stand firm in expressing your viewpoints?
41088	In situations where the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they insist that their position be accepted?
41089	In situations where the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they stand firm in expressing their viewpoints?
41090	Did you avoid discussions with the (IS staff) (users) when confrontations were likely to occur?
41091	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you keep your opinions to yourself?
41092	Did the (IS staff) (users) avoid discussions with you when confrontations were likely to occur?
41093	When the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they keep their opinions to themselves?
41095	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you offer trade-offs to reach a middle-ground solution?
41096	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you compromise to reach an acceptable solution?
41097	When the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they compromise to reach an acceptable solution?
41098	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you go along with their wishes?
41099	When you disagreed with the (IS staff) (users)  did you give in to their suggestions?
41100	When the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they go along with your wishes?
41101	When the (IS staff) (users) disagreed with you  did they give in to your suggestions?
41102	Were opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users)  if any  resolved to the mutual satisfaction of both parties?
41103	Were the opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users)  if any  resolved to your own personal satisfaction?
41104	Were conflicts between you and the (IS staff) (users)  if any  resolved to the mutual satisfaction of both parties?
41105	Were conflicts between you and the (IS staff) (users)  if any  resolved to your own personal satisfaction?
41106	How dissatisfied or satisfied are you with the process of system development?
41107	How dissatisfied or satisfied are you with the composition of the project team?
41108	How dissatisfied or satisfied are you with the (IS staff) (users) who worked on the project?
41109	How dissatisfied or satisfied are you with other (users) (IS staff) who worked on the project?
41110	How dissatisfied or satisfied are you with the functioning of the project team?
41111	How dissatisfied or satisfied are you with how the project was managed?
41112	The system is reliable (it is always up and running  runs without errors  and does what it is supposed to do).
41113	It is easy to tell whether the system is functioning correctly.
41114	The system can recover from errors  accidents  and intrusions while maintaining data security and integrity.
41115	The system can easily be modified to meet changing user requirements.
41116	The system can easily be adapted to a new technical or organizational environment.
41117	The system is easy to maintain.
41118	The system is easy to understand.
41119	The system is easy to use.
41120	The output information produced by the system is precise.
41121	The output information produced by the system is complete.
41122	The output information produced by the system is useful.
41123	The output information produced by the system is up to date.
41124	The output information produced by the system is reliable.
41125	The system performs its functions quickly.
41126	For you  personally  the system is: bad- good.
41127	For you  personally  the system is: terrible- terrific.
41128	For you  personally  the system is: useless- useful.
41129	For you  personally  the system is: worthless- valuable.
41130	Compared to its estimated cost  the project was completed: way under budget- way over budget.
41131	Compared to its estimated schedule  the project was completed: much earlier than scheduled- much later than scheduled.
41132	Compared to its original specifications  the scope of the completed project is: much smaller than promised- much larger than promised.
41133	Overall  I consider this project to have been: unsuccessful- successful.
41142	The behavior of employees will instill confidence in users.
41143	Employees will be consistently courteous with users.
41144	Employees will have the knowledge to do their job well.
41145	Reliability of output information: superior- inferior.
41146	Relevancy of output information (to intended function): useful- useless.
41147	Relevancy of output information (to intended function): superior- inferior.
41148	Accuracy of output information: inaccurate- accurate.
41149	Accuracy of output information: low- high.
41150	Precision of output information: low- high.
41151	Precision of output information: definite- uncertain.
41152	Communication with IS staff: dissonant- harmonious.
41153	Communication with IS staff: destructive- productive.
41154	Time required for new systems development: unreasonable- reasonable.
41155	Time required for new systems development: acceptable- unacceptable.
41156	Completeness of the output information: sufficient- insufficient.
41157	Completeness of the output information: adequate- inadequate.
41163	When IS promises to do something by a certain time  it does so.
41164	IS is dependable.
41165	IS provides its services at the times it promises to do so.
41166	IS employees give prompt service to users.
41167	IS employees are always willing to help users.
41168	IS employees are never too busy to respond to users' requests.
41169	The behavior of IS employees instills confidence in users.
41170	IS employees are consistently courteous with users.
41171	IS employees have the knowledge to do their job well.
41172	IS gives users individual attention.
41173	IS has employees who give users personal attention.
41174	IS has the users' best interest at heart.
41175	Employees of IS understand the specific needs of its users.
41181	With what frequency do you personally use the EIS?
41183	To what extent has EIS helped you sense key factors impacting your area of responsibility?
41184	To what extent has EIS helped you notice potential problems before they become serious crises?
41185	To what extent has EIS helped you make decisions quicker?
41186	To what extent has EIS helped you shorten the time frame for making decisions?
41187	To what extent has EIS helped you spend significantly more time analyzing data before making a decision?
41188	To what extent has EIS helped you examine more alternatives in decision making?
41189	To what extent has EIS helped you use more sources of information in decision making?
41267	How much autonomy is there in your job? That is  to what extent does your job permit you to decide on your own how to go about doing the work?
41268	How much variety is there in your job? That is  to what extent does the job require you to do many different things at work  using a variety of your skills and abilities?
41269	To what extent does your job require you to work closely with other people?
41270	To what extent does your supervisor establish and maintain a warm and friendly relationship with you?
41271	In reacting to my ideas and suggestions regarding the conduct of my work or any special project  my supervisor will most likely: Neither ask for nor accept comments and suggestions from me - Actively solicit and probably use my ideas and suggestions.
41272	In keeping me informed as to how well I am performing on my job  my supervisor will: Almost never let me know how well I am performing the job - Usually provide me with regular “feedback” about how well I am performing my work.
41273	To what extent does your supervisor accept disagreements?
41274	To what extent does your supervisor emphasize the need to get work accomplished?
41275	To what extent will your supervisor correct you if you perform poorly?
41276	In setting the standards for the quality of work expected from me  my supervisor most likely will: Not indicate any standards of quality - Make me aware of the constant need for high quality.
41383	I find it easy to think about abstract concepts.
41384	The first thing I like to do in analyzing a problem is to conceptualize it.
41385	I would rather write a conceptual paper for a class assignment than a paper that describes real experiences.
41386	When working on a problem  I try first to think about it in concrete terms.
41387	I enjoy thinking through the abstract  difficult aspects of my class assignments.
41388	Abstract concepts don't interest me at all; give me practical reality.
41411	Training on application testing/debugging.
41412	Training on application documentation.
41413	Training on application maintenance.
41414	Training on data integrity/validation.
41415	Training on file management and database technology.
41416	Standardization of programming languages.
41417	Standardization of applications development software.
41418	Standardization of operating systems.
41419	Guidelines for systems analysis  applications  design  testing  documentation  and maintenance.
41420	Guidelines for software backups.
41421	Standards for data backup.
41422	Guidelines for use and modification of corporate data.
41423	Maintaining data integrity and currency.
41424	Providing data backup/recovery service.
41425	Listing corporatewide data resources.
41426	Providing corporate data extraction facilities.
41427	Facilitating data sharing among users.
41428	Maintaining subject databases.
41429	Training on application selection and cost justification.
41430	Training on tool/product selection.
41431	Training on data communications.
41432	Training on operating systems.
41433	Training on software conversions.
41434	Training on technology updates.
41435	Listing software resources: software libraries.
41436	Standardization of hardware to be used.
41437	Listing approved hardware vendors.
41438	Outlining formal procedures for getting hardware purchase approved.
41439	Establishment of communication protocols.
41440	Listing approved software vendors.
41441	Outlining formal procedures for getting software purchase approved.
41444	Supporting fourth generation languages.
41445	Supporting applications development software.
41446	Supporting a variety of other languages.
41447	Delineation of end-user and staff roles.
41448	Existence of a local support staff.
41449	Specialization of support staff.
41450	Auditing user-developed applications.
41451	Conducting maintenance reviews of user-developed applications.
41452	Coordinating applications across users.
41463	Training on backups/security.
41464	Providing software backup/recovery service.
41465	Training on statistical analysis.
41466	Hardware-related services.
41467	Developing macros and job control statements.
41474	For planning Information Centers facilities and service: No formal planning procedures exist - Formal planning procedures are well developed; IC planning is a part of corporate or information systems planning.
41477	Relationship with IC staff: bad - good.
41478	Communication with IC staff: vague - precise.
41479	Attitude of IC staff: negative - positive.
41480	Degree of training provided: insufficient - sufficient.
41481	Speed and quality of response to requests for service: bad - good.
41484	Relevance of output from computing activities: irrelevant - relevant.
41485	Accuracy of output from computing activities: inaccurate - accurate.
41486	Precision of output from computing activities: imprecise - precise.
41487	Completeness of output from computing activities: incomplete - complete.
41490	Speed with which you are able to carry on your computing activities: slow - fast.
41491	Your understanding of the applications you use: bad - good.
41492	Your perceived participation in the information systems function: low - high.
41581	The length of time I have used a PC.
41582	Overall rating of my PC skills.
41583	The proportion of departmental coworkers who use a PC.
41584	The senior management of this business unit have been helpful in introducing PCs.
41585	My boss is very supportive of PC use for my job.
41586	In general  the organization has supported the introduction of PCs.
41587	Using a PC takes too much time from my normal duties.
41588	Working with PCs is so complicated  it is difficult to understand what is going on.
41589	Using a PC involves too much time doing mechanical operations (i.e.  data input).
41590	It takes too long to learn how to use a PC to make it worth the effort.
41591	Use of a PC will have no effect on the performance of my job.
41592	Use of a PC can decrease the time needed for my important job responsibilities.
41593	Use of a PC can significantly increase the quality of output of my job.
41594	Use of a PC can increase the effectiveness of performing job tasks (e.g.  analysis).
41595	A PC can increase the quantity of output for same amount of effort.
41596	Considering all tasks  the general extent to which use of PC could assist on job.
41597	Use of PC will increase the level of challenge on my job.
41598	Use of PC will increase the opportunity for preferred future job assignments.
41599	Use of PC will increase the amount of variety on my job.
41600	Use of PC will increase the opportunity for more meaningful work.
41601	Use of PC will increase the flexibility of changing jobs.
41602	Use of PC will increase the opportunity to gain job security.
41603	Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware and software.
41604	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
41605	Specialized instruction concerning the popular software is available to me.
41606	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
41639	How frequently do you communicate with this person about work projects?
41640	To what extent are you familiar with the details of what the following people are working on?
41719	At what rate do products/services become obsolete in this industry?
41720	How predictable are the actions of competitors?
41721	How different are your company's products/services in reference to customer's buying habits?
41722	How different are your company's products/services in reference to bature of competition?
41723	How different are your company's products/services in reference to market dynamism and uncertainty?
41724	How severe a threat does each of the following industry aspects pose to your company?: Price competition.
41725	How severe a threat does each of the following industry aspects pose to your company?: Product quality/novelty competition.
41726	How severe a threat does each of the following industry aspects pose to your company?: Dwindling markets for products.
41727	How severe a threat does each of the following industry aspects pose to your company?: Scarce supply of materials.
41728	How predictable are customer demands and tastes?
41729	At what rate does the technology change in this industry?
41730	Our company must frequently change its marketing practices to keep pace with the market and competitors.
41731	To what extent is the responsibility to make the following decisions in your company centralized at the top levels of management?: Capital budgeting.
41732	To what extent is the responsibility to make the following decisions in your company centralized at the top levels of management?: New product introduction.
41733	To what extent is the responsibility to make the following decisions in your company centralized at the top levels of management?: Entry into major new markets.
41734	To what extent is the responsibility to make the following decisions in your company centralized at the top levels of management?: Pricing of major product line.
41735	To what extent is the responsibility to make the following decisions in your company centralized at the top levels of management?: Hiring and firing of senior staff.
41736	Whatever situation arises  we have procedures to follow in dealing with it.
41737	When rules and procedures exist here  they are usually in written form.
41738	The employees here are constantly checked for rule violations.
41739	There are strong penalties for violating procedures.
41740	How many different functions in your company are supported by information technology?
41741	Information systems performance evaluation in your company is based on contribution to corporate objectives.
41742	Information systems performance evaluation in your company is based on minimizing cost.
41743	To what extent are information systems personnel distributed throughout your company?
41744	To what extent does information systems planning take your company's business plans into consideration?
41745	How informed are your information systems managers about your company's business plans?
41746	How informed is your firm's top management about information technology?
41747	How involved is top management in information systems planning?
41748	To what extent are mainframe terminals  minicomputers  word processors  process control devices  micros  etc.  installed throughout your company?
42448	With regard to my main customers that have adopted FEDI: my firm's well-being depends on their purchases.
42449	With regard to my main customers that have adopted FEDI: my firm cannot introduce switching costs to them.
42450	With regard to my main customers that have adopted FEDI: my firm MUST maintain good relationships with them.
42451	With regard to my main customers that have adopted FEDI:  they are the largest customers in the industry.
42452	Interacting with this website does not require a lot of mental effort.
42453	I find it easy to get the website to do what I want it to do.
42454	I find the website easy to use.
42455	Using the portal site enhances my effectiveness.
42456	Using the portal site enhances my productivity.
42457	Using the portal site improves my performance.
42458	I am content with the services provided by the portal site.
42459	I am satisfied with the services provided by the portal site.
42460	What I get from using the portal site meets what I expect for this type of service.
42461	I “set up” the portal site to use it the way I want to.
42462	I have put effort into adapting the portal site to meet my needs.
42463	I have chosen features offered by the portal site to suit my style of portal use.
42464	Learning to use the features offered by the portal site took a lot of time and effort.
42465	There was a lot involved for me to understand the portal site well.
42466	I spent a lot of time and effort to learn how the “system works” at the portal site.
42467	I consider myself to be highly loyal to the portal site.
42468	I feel loyal towards the portal site.
42469	It means a lot to me to continue to use the portal site.
42470	Switching to a new portal site would involve some hassle.
42471	Some problems may occur when I switch to another portal site.
42472	It is complex for me to change portal sites.
42473	If I stop using the portal site  I will waste a lot of the effort that I have already made in this portal site.
42474	I will say positive things about the portal site to other people.
42475	I will recommend the portal site to anyone who seeks my advice.
42476	I will refer my acquaintances to the portal site.
42477	I am willing to pay $0.25 per month for this service.
42478	I am willing to pay a one-time only fee of $6 for this service.
42479	I am willing to pay an annual fee of $3 for this service.
42480	I will try the services offered by the other portal sites.
42481	I will try occasionally other portal sites.
42482	Please specify the extent to which you would refuse to give information to online companies because you think it is too personal within the next three years: Very unlikely - very likely
42483	Please specify the extent to which you would refuse to give information to online companies because you think it is too personal within the next three years: Not probable - probable
42484	Please specify the extent to which you would refuse to give information to online companies because you think it is too personal within the next three years: Impossible - possible
42485	Please specify the extent to which you would falsify some of your personal information if it is asked for by online companies within the next three years: Very unlikely - very likely
42486	Please specify the extent to which you would falsify some of your personal information if it is asked for by online companies within the next three years: Not probable - probable
42487	Please specify the extent to which you would falsify some of your personal information if it is asked for by online companies within the next three years: Impossible - possible
42488	Please specify the extent to which you would take actions to have your information removed from online companies’ database when your personal information was not properly handled: Very unlikely - very likely
42489	Please specify the extent to which you would take actions to have your information removed from online companies’ database when your personal information was not properly handled: Not probable - probable
42490	Please specify the extent to which you would take actions to have your information removed from online companies’ database when your personal information was not properly handled: Impossible - possible
42491	Please specify the extent to which you would speak to your friends and/or relatives about your bad experience with online companies’ mishandling personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Very unlikely - very likely
42492	Please specify the extent to which you would speak to your friends and/or relatives about your bad experience with online companies’ mishandling personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Not probable - probable
42493	Please specify the extent to which you would speak to your friends and/or relatives about your bad experience with online companies’ mishandling personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Impossible - possible
42494	Please specify the extent to which you would write or call online companies to complain about the way they use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Very unlikely - very likely
42495	Please specify the extent to which you would write or call online companies to complain about the way they use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Not probable - probable
42496	Please specify the extent to which you would write or call online companies to complain about the way they use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Impossible - possible
42497	Please specify the extent to which you would write or call an elected official or consumer organization to complain about the way online companies use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Very unlikely - very likely
42498	Please specify the extent to which you would write or call an elected official or consumer organization to complain about the way online companies use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled: Not probable - probable
42499	Please specify the extent to which you would write or call an elected official or consumer organization to complain about the way online companies use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled:  Impossible - possible
42500	How important do you think historical technology analysis is for making decisions about IT investment/development?
42501	How important do you think evaluating the current landscape of IT is for making investment/development decisions?
42502	How important do you think predicting the future landscape of IT (technology forecasting) is for making decisions about IT investment/ development?
42503	How effective do you feel existing tools/methods/techniques are for analyzing the technology landscape and performing technology forecasting?
42504	How effective do you feel the proposed methodology is in providing a new technique for identifying and analyzing patterns in technology evolution?
42505	How do you feel about your overall experience of WWW use? Displeased - pleased
42506	How do you feel about your overall experience of WWW use? Frustrated - contented
42507	How do you feel about your overall experience of WWW use? Terrible - delighted
42508	I had something else to do.
42509	Nothing was accomplished.
42510	I did not enjoy the interaction.
42511	The interaction went smoothly.
42512	We each got to say what we wanted.
42513	I was very satisfied with the interaction.
42514	I felt that we could laugh easily together.
42515	I was very dissatisfied with the conversation.
42516	We talked about something I was NOT interested in.
42517	I would like to have another interaction like this one.
42518	The other person genuinely wanted to get to know me.
42519	I felt I could talk about anything with the other person.
42520	The other person showed me that he/she understood what I said.
42521	The other person expressed a lot of interest in what I had to say.
42522	The other person let me know that I was communicating effectively.
42523	The other person did NOT provide support for what he/she was saying.
42524	During the interaction I was able to present myself as I wanted the other person to view me
42525	The other person changed the topic when his/her feelings were brought into the interaction.
42526	The other person frequently said things which added little to the interaction.
42536	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support creating R&D and operations skills and knowledge that are applicable across multiple business units?
42537	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support transferring relevant R&D and operations knowledge among business units?
42538	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support integrating relevant R&D and operations knowledge of multiple business units to create new products/services?
42539	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support changing R&D and operations policies of business units based on relevant lessons learned in other business units?
42540	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support creating marketing skills and knowledge that are applicable across multiple business units?
42541	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support transferring relevant customer knowledge among business units?
42542	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support integrating relevant customer knowledge of multiple business units to gain new customer insights?
42543	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support changing marketing & product policies of business units based on relevant customer knowledge discovered in other business units?
42544	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support creating managerial skills and knowledge that are applicable across multiple business units?
42545	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support transferring relevant managerial best practices among business units?
42546	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support integrating relevant managerial policies and processes across multiple business units?
42547	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of «Company Name» actually engage in or support changing managerial policies and processes of business units based on managerial lessons learned in other business units?
42548	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: inventory/capacity planning.
42549	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: production schedules.
42550	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: cost structures.
42551	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: margin structures.
42552	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: marketing strategies.
42553	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: demand patterns.
42554	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: decision-making processes.
42555	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: decision-making criteria.
42556	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: pricing schedules plans.
42557	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: product/services in development.
42558	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: support strategies.
42559	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: inventory/capacity planning.
42560	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: production schedules.
42561	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: cost structures.
42562	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: margin structures.
42563	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: marketing strategies.
42564	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: demand patterns.
42565	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: decision-making processes.
42566	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: pricing schedules plans.
42567	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: product/services in development.
42568	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: support strategies.
42569	Our organization shares the following types of information with this business partner: decision-making criteria.
42579	Strong and continuous bond with customers.
42580	Precise knowledge of customer buying patterns.
42581	Increasing sales of existing products.
42582	Finding new revenue streams (e.g.  new products  new markets).
42583	Distribution networks are configured to minimize total supply chain-side inventory costs.
42584	Suppliers and logistics partners deliver products and materials just in time.
42585	Supply chain-wide inventory is jointly managed with suppliers and logistics partners (e.g.  UPS  FedEx).
42586	Inventory holdings are minimized across the supply chain.
42587	Account payable processes are automatically triggered when we receive supplies from our suppliers.
42588	Account receivables processes are automatically triggered when we ship to our customers.
42589	Supply chain planning applications (e.g.  demand planning  transportation planning  manufacturing planning) communicate in real time.
42590	Supply chain transaction applications (e.g.  order management  procurement  manufacturing and distribution) communicate in real time.
42591	Supply chain applications with internal applications of our organization (such as enterprise resource planning) communicate in real time.
42592	Customer relationship application with internal applications of our organization.
42629	I was enthusiastic about the project.
42630	I tried to delay the project.
42631	I persisted in obtaining support for the project.
42632	I disapproved of the project in discussions with other top managers.
42633	I exercised initiative in promoting the project.
42734	The SP makes beneficial decisions to us under any circumstances.
42735	The SP is sincere at all times.
42736	The SP has always provided us a completely truthful picture of the relevant IT services.
42737	Both parties in the relationship are willing to accommodate each other as conditions change.
42738	Flexibility in response to requests for changes is a characteristic of this relationship.
42739	The parties are committed to improvements that may benefit the relationship as a whole  and not only the individual parties.
42740	Both parties in the relationship effectively exchange information with each other.
42741	It is expected that we keep each other informed about events or changes that may affect the other party.
42742	Disagreements between both parties in the relationship are almost always successfully resolved.
42743	Differences of opinion were resolved to the mutual satisfaction of conflicting parties.
42744	The discussions I have had with this SP’s personnel on areas of disagreement increase the effectiveness and strength of our relationship.
42745	Both parties in the relationship share the risks that can occur in the process of business.
42746	Both parties in the relationship have collective responsibility of benefits and risks.
42747	Both parties in the relationship effectively carry out services that the other is dependent on.
42748	Both parties are willing to commit resources to sustain the relationship.
42749	We are willing to put more effort and investment in building our business relationship with SP.
42750	Even if they could  SP would not drop our organization as a service recipient (client) because they like being associated with us.
42751	We want to remain a customer to SP because we genuinely enjoy our relationship with them.
42752	The continuation of a relationship with SP is very important to us.
42753	SP expects the relationship with us to continue for a long time.
42754	During a typical month  I frequently communicated project status information to the project executive.
42755	I rarely provided status reports to the project executive.
42756	The project executive received regular updates from me about the status of the project.
42757	Project team members actively participated in the definition of project goals and schedules.
42758	Every effort was made to keep project team turnover at a minimum.
42759	The project team met frequently.
42760	Project team members were kept informed about major decisions concerning the project.
42761	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in earlier phases of the project.
42762	Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases of the project.
42763	Requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite often different from those existing at the end.
42764	Users of the system differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements to be met by it.
42765	A lot of effort had to be spent in reconciling the requirements of various users of this system.
42766	It was difficult to customize the system to one set of users without reducing support to other users.
42767	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of customer relations?
42768	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of financial health?
42769	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of the reputation of information systems department?
42770	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of organizational efficiency?
42771	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of organizational image?
42772	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of the survival of the organization?
42773	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of the reputation of the users?
42774	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of the ability to carry out operations?
42775	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of profitability?
42776	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of market share?
42777	If  for some reason  the project had not been completed  what impact would this have had on the users in terms of competitive position?
42784	Overall  I believe it was easy for me to understand what the class diagram was trying to model.
42785	Overall  I believe that the class diagram was easy to use.
42786	Understanding the class diagram was difficult.
42800	The clarity between text and images was: high - low.
42801	The images (or graphics) on the webpages were: similar - dissimilar.
42802	The information items on the webpages were: similar - dissimilar.
42803	The text on the webpages was: short - long.
42804	The webpage backgrounds were: not visually dense at all - visually dense.
42805	The graphics on the webpages were: not visually dense at all - visually dense.
42806	The layout of the webpages was: not visually dense at all - visually dense.
42807	The range of the alternative links to find information was: broad - narrow.
42808	The choice of both image and text clicks was: broad - narrow.
42809	The variety of information clusters (groups of related information) was: low - high.
42810	The links at the website were: logical - illogical.
42811	The layout across the webpages was: uniform - not uniform at all.
42812	The backgrounds across the webpages were: uniform - not uniform at all.
42813	The information clusters (groups of related information) were: interrelated - not at all interrelated.
42814	Procedures to browse the websites were: unclear - clear.
42815	Hyperlinks on the website were: unambiguous - ambiguous.
42816	Information presented on the websites was: unambiguous - ambiguous.
42817	Information on the succeeding links from the initial page was: predictable - unpredictable.
42818	Individual links took me to desired webpages: always - never.
42819	Information presented on the website was: uncertain - certain.
42820	My knowledge of the product/s served by the website is: very low - high.
42821	I have used the products served by the website: very often - never.
42822	My knowledge of the website is: very high - low.
42823	I have visited the website: never - very often.
42824	After using this website  I am: very dissatisfied - very satisfied.
42825	After using this website  I am: very displeased - very pleased.
42826	Using this webstie made me: frustrated - contented.
42827	After using this website  I feel: terrible - delighted.
42828	After using this website  I will: never recommend it to my friends – strongly recommend it to my friends.
42829	After using this website  I will: never use it again – most likely use it again.
42830	Rate your level of knowledge of the organization’s external environment (e.g.  government  competitors  suppliers  and customers).
42831	Rate your level of knowledge of the goals and objectives of the organization as a whole.
42832	Rate your level of knowledge of the core capabilities of the organization.
42833	Rate your level of knowledge of the key factors that must go right for the organization to succeed.
42836	Rate your level of knowledge of the main challenges that different divisions in the organization face in achieving their objectives.
42837	Rate your level of knowledge of the language (e.g.  key concepts  jargon  etc.) of the different divisions in the organization.
42838	How well do you understand the work processes of the different divisions in your organization?
42839	Rate your level of knowledge of the connections and interdependencies between the various divisions in the organization.
42842	To what extent do you take actions to stay informed about business developments not directly related to IT?
42843	How much do you participate in business activities that are not directly related to IT?
42844	To what extent are you concerned by the overall performance of your business organization?
42847	How experienced are you at recognizing potential ways to exploit new business opportunities using IT?
42848	How experienced are you at analyzing business problems in order to identify IT-based solutions (understand situations  getting the “big picture”  identifying underlying root problems  etc.)?
42849	How experienced are you at evaluating the organizational impacts of IT solutions?
42850	If you have a business question or problem that you cannot solve alone  how confident are you about finding the right person to contact in your organization?
42851	If you have a business question or problem that you cannot solve alone  how confident are you about finding the right contacts outside your organization (consultants  vendors)?
42852	If you have a business question or problem that you cannot solve alone  how confident are you about finding other relevant sources of business information including Internet site  magazines  trade journals  and conferences?
42853	In general  how effective do you think you are at communicating with people at different levels of the organization (e.g.  with your subordinates  peers  superiors)?
42854	How effective are you at working in a team environment?
42855	How well can you communicate about IT matters in non-technical language and within a business context to non-IT specialists?
42856	In general  how effective do you think you are at managing projects (planning  managing resources  evaluating  etc.)?
42857	In general  how effective do you think you are at acting in a leadership role (e.g.  establishing direction  directing people  motivating and inspiring  etc.)?
42858	Rate your level of knowledge of the existing practices for the management of change in the organization.
42859	Rate your level of knowledge of the risk management practices that can be applied in the organization.
42860	To what extent are you willing to commit to the sharing of responsibilities with your business clients for the development and implementation of future projects?
42861	How comfortable would you be to getting involved with your business clients in projects that may require more innovative technologies  with the risk it may imply?
42862	In the future  to what extent do you intend to develop strong partnerships with business clients?
42966	Indicate the likelihood of your adopting reverse auctions for sourcing from a supplier with such characteristics.
43005	Our IS function requires unique experience.
43006	Our IS function requires up-to-date technical education.
43007	Our IS function requires a unique technology.
43008	We need to control IS expenses.
43009	It is difficult to foresee and keep up with the development changes in IS technologies.
43010	We would like to anticipate the obsolescence of IS functions in the organization.
43011	When we outsource  we are concerned about losing control of strategic applications.
43012	When we outsource  we are concerned about being locked into the contract.
43013	When we outsource  we are concerned about added costs for business or technology changes.
43014	When we outsource  we are concerned about the inability to rebuild IS functions in our organization.
43015	We have limited physical facilities in the organization.
43016	We have limited expertise in the organization.
43017	We do not have necessary facilities in our organization.
43018	We use the IS function infrequently.
43019	We need the IS function temporarily.
43021	My relatives think that I should use a computer.
43022	My friends believe I should use a computer.
43023	My professors think I should use a computer.
43024	I believe that my classmates at college will think I should use a computer.
43025	It is easy for me to become skillful in using computers.
43026	I find computers easy to use.
43027	I find it easy to get a computer to do what I want it to do.
43028	Learning to operate a computer is easy for me.
43029	Using computers enhances my productivity in college.
43030	I find computers useful in my college activities.
43031	Using computers enhances my effectiveness in college.
43032	Using computers improves my performance in college.
43033	It is preferable to have a man in high level position rather than a woman.
43034	It is more important for men to have a professional career than it is for women to have a professional career.
43035	Solving organizational problems requires to active forcible approach which is typical of men.
43036	Being accepted as a member of a group is more important than having autonomy and independence.
43037	Being accepted as a member of a group is more important than being independent.
43038	Group success is more important than individual success.
43039	Being loyal to a group is more important than individual gain.
43040	Individual rewards are not as important as group welfare.
43041	It is more important for a manager to encourage loyalty and a sense of duty in subordinates than it is to encourage individual initiative.
43042	Managers should make most decisions without consulting subordinates.
43043	Managers should not ask subordinates for advice  because they might appear less powerful.
43044	Decision making power should stay with top management in the organization and not be delegated to lower level employees.
43045	Employees should not question their manager's decisions.
43046	Rules and regulations are important because they inform workers what the organization expects of them.
43047	Order and structure are very important in a work environment.
43048	I intend to use a PC during my studies.
43049	I intend to use a PC frequently during my studies.
43050	For me  getting information about this product from this website within the next 30 days would be: very foolish- very wise.
43051	For me  purchasing this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days would be: very undesirable- very desirable.
43052	If I wanted to  I could easily become knowledeable about purchasing products on the web.
43053	Have you ever personally been the victim of what you felt was an invasion of your privacy when using the internet?
43146	The likelihood of buying a computer sometime during the next two months: definitely won't buy - definitely will buy.
43147	During the next two months  in terms of  affordability  and  accessibility  of retial outlets  computers probably will be: very difficult for you to purchase - very easy for you to purchase.
43148	Because of your desire (resulting from your actual needs and longings) and/or because of pressure you feel from others  do you think you will feel a very strong desire to buy computers sometime during the next two months?
43149	I always like to hear news concerning computers.
43150	In  general I am satisfied with the computer experiences I have had.
43151	Sharing of BP in my office is highly rewarded.
43152	Sharing of BP with other offices is highly rewarded.
43154	My office is innovative.
43155	Sharing of BP is frequently discussed.
43156	Sharing BP is a major way to solve problems.
43160	How would you describe your firm’s use of information technology?
43161	(Consultant William) and I agree on what's important.
43162	(Consultant William) and I have very similar prior experience with implementation projects.
43163	(Consultant William) and I solve problems the same way.
43164	(Consultant William) and I understand each other when we talk.
43165	(Consultant William) and I don't have a difficult time understanding each other.
43166	Our process for implementation was well understood at the time of this project.
43167	(Client Alisha) and I agree on what's important.
43168	(Client Alisha) and I have very similar prior experience with implementation projects.
43169	(Client Alisha) and I solve problems the same way.
43170	(Client Alisha) and I understand each other when we talk.
43171	(Client Alisha) and I don't have a difficult time understanding each other.
43212	I intend to increase my use of the WWW for work in the future.
43213	For future work I would use the WWW.
43214	Using the WWW would make it easier to do my work.
43215	Using the WWW would help me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
43216	Using the WWW would improve the quality of the work I do.
43217	Using the WWW would give me greater control over my work.
43218	Using the WWW would enhance my effectiveness in the MBA program and/or my job.
43219	My interaction with the WWW is clear and understandable.
43220	I believe it would be easy to get the WWW to do what I want it to do.
43221	Overall  I believe the WWW would be easy to use.
43222	Learning to use the WWW would be easy for me.
43223	Using the WWW would be compatible with all aspects of my work.
43224	I think that using the WWW would fit well with the way I like to work.
43225	Using the WWW would fit into my workstyle.
43226	How much did each of the following source influence you to subscribe to [this] service? Articles  reviews  advertising  or other activities of the company
43227	How much did each of the following source influence you to subscribe to [this] service?  opinions of friends  colleagues  relatives  or others
43243	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would save me time/effort over other means of performing the same tasks.
43244	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would enable me to perform many tasks better than through other means.
43245	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would provide a greater value than other ways of performing the same task.
43246	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would be better than other ways of performing the same activities.
43247	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would be hard to learn.
43248	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would be quite complicated to master.
43249	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would be difficult to use.
43250	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would have a complex  hard-to-learn system
43251	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would fit well with my knowledge base.
43252	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would be easy for me to adjust to.
43253	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would fit my lifestyle very well.
43254	At the time I subscribed  I felt this online service would fit my daily routine well.
43255	At the time I subscribed to this service I saw other people using books/manuals about this service.
43256	At the time I subscribed to this service I found at least one book or tutorial describing how to use the service  in addition to the original start-up kit.
43257	At the time I subscribed to this service I found books/software about this on-line service that made it easier and quicker to learn the commands.
43258	At the time I subscribed to this service I could rely on books and/or tutorials to reduce the complexity of using the system.
43259	At the time I subscribed to this service I could benefit by books/tutorials that made it easier to learn the commands.
43260	I decided to discontinue this service and to subscribe to another service that was superior  even though I was not particularly dissatisfied with this service.
43261	I was dissatisfied with this service and have not yet subscribed to another.
43262	I was dissatisfied with the service  began to look for others  and found the one I now subscribe to.
43394	Please rate the quality of the communication you just had during your feedback delivery according to the following adjectives: Dissonant - Harmonious
43395	Please rate the quality of the communication you just had during your feedback delivery according to the following adjectives: Destructive - Constructive
43396	Please rate the quality of the communication you just had during your feedback delivery according to the following adjectives: Vague - Precise
43397	Please rate the quality of the communication you just had during your feedback delivery according to the following adjectives: Meaningless - Meaningful
43398	How comfortable did you feel? very uncomfortable - very comfortable
43399	How relaxed did you feel? very tense - very relaxed
43400	How friendly did the other person seem?
43401	How personable was the other person?
43460	All product-related information is available online (e.g.  catalog  product description  detailed specifications  price  discount  etc.).
43461	Customers can customize their orders online without phone/fax or face-to-face interactions.
43462	A comprehensive Frequently Asked Questions section on our company  our product/services  contact information  etc. is available online.
43463	Customers can conveniently contact service representatives or seek service online.
43464	Customers see personalized content (e.g.  products  prices  order history  order status  etc.) when they log onto our web site.
43465	Customer feedback and field incidence reports (e.g.  product failures  defects) are shared with suppliers/vendors in real-time.
43466	Process quality information (e.g.  line rejection rates  yields) is shared electornically with relevant trading partners in real-time.
43467	Changes (e.g.  order changes  product design changes  etc.) are communicated to trading partners electronically in real-time.
43468	Continuously updated inventory information is shared with trading partners online.
43469	Continuously updated production schedules and capacity (e.g.  machine downtime  manpower availability) information is shared online with trading partners.
43470	Continuously updated product demand information (e.g.  actual and forecasted) is shared online.
43471	We provide online communities (e.g.  discussion forms  online chat rooms) to our suppliers/vendors.
43472	We make available a comprehensive online Frequently Asked Questions section (e.g.  contact information  glossary  events  etc.) to our trading partners online.
43473	We make frequently updated supplier/vendor evaluation reports available online.
43480	Most people who are important to your firm would: disapprove- approve.
43481	Ability to identify key problem areas: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43482	Ability to identify new business opportunities: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43483	Ability to align IS strategy with organizational strategy: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43484	Ability to anticipate surprises and crises: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43485	Ability to understand the business and its information needs: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43486	Flexibility to adapt to unanticipated changes: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43487	Ability to gain cooperation among user groups for IS plans: Much Deterioration - Much Improvement
43528	Overall reactions to the system: terrible- wonderful.
43529	Overall reactions to the system: frustrating- satisfying.
43530	Overall reactions to the system: dull- stimulating.
43531	Overall reactions to the system: difficult- easy.
43532	Learning to operate the systems: difficult- easy.
43533	Understanding the hierarchical structure from the treemap: difficult- easy.
43534	Reading relative importance from the treemap: difficult- easy.
43535	Reading absolute importance from the treemap: difficult- easy.
43536	Finding ways to perform given tasks: difficult- easy.
43537	Performing each task: difficult- easy.
43538	Treemap manipulation with the  pump  tool (if you used): difficult- easy.
43539	Treemap manipulation with the  pump  tool (if you used): too slow- smooth enough.
43540	Treemap manipulation with the  hook  tool (if you used): difficult- easy.
43541	Treemap manipulation with the  hook  tool (if you used): too slow- smooth enough.
43638	I am very skilled at using computers.
43674	How appropriate is it of John to ask you for a copy of the program?
43677	How justified would you be in refusing to give John a copy of the program?
43678	All told  what is the likelihood you would give a copy of the program to John?
43679	Aside from John’s request  how much would you feel the program belongs to you personally?
43685	How thorough is your current knowledge?
43686	How thorough is your current knowledge?
43687	I could complete the job using a word processing package if where was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
43688	I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
43689	I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
43690	I could complete the job using a word processing package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
43691	I could complete the job using a word processing package if someone else had helped me get started.
43692	I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
43693	I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
43694	I could complete the job using a word processing package if someone showed me how to do it first.
43707	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if where was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
43708	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
43709	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
43710	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
43711	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if someone else had helped me get started.
43712	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
43713	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
43714	I could complete the job using a spreadsheet  package if someone showed me how to do it first.
43715	Move around a worksheet using the cursor movement keys (other than just the arrows).
43716	Create and edit formulas that do not change when they are copied.
43717	Use titles to change the “home” position.
43718	Delete a.WK1 file from a floppy or hard drive?
43719	Select out specific records from a Lotus database according to a specified criterion.
43720	Create and display a line graph.
43721	Format dates in a worksheet.
43722	Print a spreadsheet with a header line on every page.
43723	Write a macro which will call up the Lotus menu.
43724	Edit a worksheet containing macros (and make the macros execute properly).
43725	Use the “Help” feature to find information.
43726	Use the Pull-Down Menu Bar to interface with WordPerfect.
43727	Work with “List Files” using Wildcard Characters.
43728	Find synonyms for words in the Thesaurus.
43729	Set and clear tab settings.
43730	Create a secondary merge file.
43731	Create and name a macro.
43732	Create new characters or use the extended character set.
43733	ncorporate graphical images in a document.
43734	Create and edit a Table.
43788	Quantity of work I do gives fair picture of my performance.
43789	The amount of correct work I do is a good measure of my performance.
43790	The speed at which I work is a good measure of my performance.
43791	How much direct supervision do you receive?
43792	How important does your supervisor consider his or her own judgment in evaluating your work?
43793	How complete is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the accuracy of your work?
43794	How complete is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate your interpersonal skills?
43795	How accurate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the customer service you provide?
43796	How accurate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate your interpersonal skills?
43797	How appropriate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the customer service you provide?
43798	How appropriate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate your interpersonal skills?
43799	How much indirect supervision do you receive?
43800	How important are performance counts to your supervisor in evaluating your work?
43801	How complete is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the quantity of work you do?
43802	How complete is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the accuracy of your work?
43803	How accurate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the quantity of work you do?
43804	How accurate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the accuracy of your work?
43805	How appropriate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the quantity of work you do?
43806	How appropriate is the information your supervisor uses to evaluate the accuracy of your work?
43807	How important does your company think the quantity of work you do is in doing your job well?
43808	How important does your company think the accuracy of the work you do is in doing your job well?
43809	How important does your company think your work group's productivity is in doing your job well?
43810	How important does your company think your department's productivity is in doing your job well?
43811	How important does your company think how quickly you work is in doing your job well?
43812	How important does your company think your attendance is in doing your job well?
43813	How important does your company think the service you give customers is in doing your job well?
43814	How important does your company think the amount of effort you make is in doing your job well?
43815	How important does your company think your work group's productivity is in doing your job well?
43816	How important does your company think getting along with your coworkers is in doing your job well?
43817	How important does your company think how well you solve customer problems is in doing your job well?
43818	How important does your company think how well you answer customer questions is in doing your job well?
43819	How important does your company think cooperating with others is in doing your job well?
43820	How important does your company think your overall performance is in doing your job well?
43821	How important do you think the quantity of work you do is in doing your job well?
43822	How important do you think the accuracy of the work you do is in doing your job well?
43823	How important do you think your work group's productivity is in doing your job well?
43824	How important do you think your department's productivity is in doing your job well?
43825	How important do you think how quickly you work is in doing your job well?
43826	How important do you think your attendance is in doing your job well?
43827	How important do you think the service you give customers is in doing your job well?
43828	How important do you think the amount of effort you make is in doing your job well?
43829	How important do you think your work group's productivity is in doing your job well?
43830	How important do you think getting along with your coworkers is in doing your job well?
43831	How important do you think how well you solve customer problems is in doing your job well?
43832	How important do you think how well you answer customer questions is in doing your job well?
43833	How important do you think cooperating with others is in doing your job well?
43834	How important do you think your overall performance is in doing your job well?
43844	For accomplishing my tasks  this system is essential.
43845	When you perform a task that you know the system supports  what percentage of time do you use the system?
43865	Tasks this person performed were related to tasks I performed.
43866	This person depended on me for information or materials needed to complete his or her work.
43867	I could not accomplish my tasks without information or materials from this person.
43868	Typically  it took a long time to get a response from this person.
43869	Our communications required frequent clarification.
43870	We often had to rework tasks beyond what I would normally expect.
43871	My interaction with Lotus 123 would be clear and understandable when I was working on the assignment.
43872	Have you ever experienced a significant disagreement with any specific seller in Amazon's/eBay's auctions?
43873	Have you ever experienced a significant transaction problem with any specific seller in Amazon's/eBay's auctions?
43874	Have you ever experienced a significant contract violation with any specific seller in Amazon's/Ebay's auctions?
43875	I generally give sellers the benefit of the doubt.
43876	Have you ever experienced a fraudulent attempt (e.g.  collecting money and not delivering the product  product quality deception  selling counterfeit products) by any specific seller in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions?
43877	Have you ever received a product that significantly differed (e.g.  cheaper  lower quality  damaged  used product) from a seller’s posted description in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions?
43878	Have you ever experienced contract default (e.g.  refuse to receive payment and deliver product) by any seller in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions?
43879	Have you ever experienced a significant product delivery delay in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions?
43880	Have you ever had any seller in Amazon’s/eBay’s actions fail to acknowledge product guarantees (e.g.  product refund  return  warrantees)?
43881	Has any seller in Amazon’s/eBay’s actions refused to acknowledge its payment policy (refuse certain forms of payment)?
43921	Road test and reviews about vehicles by automotive writers.
43922	Safety information (crash test results  etc.).
43923	Reliability ratings of vehicles.
43924	Dealer cost/invoice of new vehicles.
43925	Options and features information (descriptions  prices  etc.).
43926	Tool to show how much dealers are discountingvehicles (true market price).
43927	Tool to calculate list price (MSRP) with the options you want.
43928	Information about rebates and special offers.
43929	Road test and reviews about vehicles by automotive writers.
43930	Safety information (crash test results  etc.).
43931	Reliability ratings of vehicles.
43932	Gettingthe lowest price is more important to me than findinga dealer that provides customer service.
43933	I will shop as many dealers as it takes to get the absolute lowest price.
43934	I would gladly travel another 50 miles to buy from a dealer that could save me an additional $300.
43935	I want a vehicle that stands out from the crowd.
43936	What you drive says a lot about you.
43937	Dealer cost/invoice of new vehicles.
43938	Options and features information (descriptions  prices  etc.).
43939	Tool to show how much dealers are discountingvehicles (true market price).
43940	Tool to calculate list price (MSRP) with the options you want.
43941	Information about rebates and special offers.
43942	How much did you depend on ________?
43943	How much did ________ depend on you?
43944	How much did you work with ________?
43945	How much did you communicate with ________?
43946	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because it gives me more control over my job
43947	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because it improves my job performance
43948	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because it allows me to be more creative
43949	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because it makes my job more interesting
43950	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because it gives me faster turnaround on my work
43951	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because I am encouraged to by my boss
43952	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because I am encouraged to by my spouse because it reduces overtime at the office
43953	Why do you use a computer for job-related work in your home?: because it helps to balance conflicting work and family demands
44080	Online companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databses to other companies.
44081	Online companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
44218	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Disseminating product/service information.
44219	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Receiving payments from customers.
44220	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Delivering products/services to customers.
44221	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Providing customer service support.
44222	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Testing products/sen/ices.
44223	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Conducting marketing surveys.
44224	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Enhancing company image.
44225	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Attracting new customers.
44226	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Offering value-added customer services.
44227	Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Creating a new advertising channel.
44452	If I use a computer  I will increase the quality of output of my job.
44453	I feel that I control computers rather than computers control me.
44454	Computers dehumanize society by treating everyone as a number.
44455	I don't feel helpless when using the computer.
44456	Computers don't have the potential to control our lives.
44457	I usually have to make my work fit the computer rather than computer fit my work.
44458	I clearly understand what input computers want.
44459	Working with computers is so complicated it is difficult to understand what is going on.
44460	Computer terminology sounds like confusing jargon to me.
44461	I understand computer output.
44462	Computers encourage unethical practices.
44463	I trust computer suppliers.
44464	There is a big discrepancy between computer and software qualities claimed by computer elite and the real qualities.
44465	I get along well with computer professionals.
44466	Computer professionals are just naturally friendly and helpful.
44467	I do not like to be associated with any computer department.
44468	Using a computer is an enjoyable experience.
44469	If I had to use a computer  it would probably be more trouble than it's worth.
44470	I sometimes get nervous just thinking about computers.
44471	I would use computers even if it were not expected of me.
44472	I don't care what other people say  computers are not for me.
44473	Society values computers too highly.
44588	Online companies tell the truth related to the collection and use of the personal information of their customers.
44589	Online companies are honest with customers when it comes to collecting and using the personal information of their customers.
44590	Online companies fulfill their promises about collecting and using personal information of their customers.
44591	Online companies are in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of the personal information of their customers.
44592	Online companies are trustworthy in handling the personal information of their customers.
44593	Online companies make a reasonable effort to clearly reveal how personal information is collected and used.
44594	Online companies make a reasonable effort to get consent before they collect sensitive personal information from online consumers.
44595	Online companies make a reasonable effort to allow their customers to correct inaccurate personal information stored in their databases.
44596	Online companies make a reasonable effort to prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases.
44597	Online companies that have my personal information provide better value than those without holding my personal information.
44598	The level of service from online companies that use my personal information is superior to the service from companies that do not use my personal information.
44599	What I give up in terms of releasing my personal information to online companies is commensurate with what I receive in return from the companies.
44600	Given the potential problem of releasing my personal information to online companies  the benefits I receive from the companies are fair.
44607	Strategic rationale for investing in IT is: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44608	Processes used for formulating IT strategy are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44609	Processes used for aligning IT strategy with business strategy are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44610	Processes used for managing relationships between the IT department and the business units are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44611	Strategic goals for entering into IT outsourcing relationships are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44612	Processes used for negotiating and making deals with IT vendors and service providers are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44613	Processes used for managing relationships with IT vendors are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44614	Processes used for managing relationships with IT outsourcing relationships are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44615	Processes used for identifying and recruiting IT talent are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44616	Training programs and opportunities provided to IT talent are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44617	Incentives used for aligning interests of IT talent with business goals are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44618	Strategies used for retaining IT talent are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44619	Policies used for managing IT infrastructure are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44620	IT software standards are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44621	IT hardware standards are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
44622	IT communications standards are: unique in all or almost all of the business units - common across all or almost all of the business units.
45358	The amount of work the team produced.
45359	The efficiency of team operations.
45360	The team’s adherence to budgets.
45361	The team's adherence to the schedule.
45362	The quality of work the team produced.
45363	The effectiveness of the team's interactions with people outside the team.
45474	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support creating R&D and operations skills and knowledge that are applicable across multiple business units?
45475	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support transferring relevant R&D and operations knowledge among business units?
45476	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support integrating relevant R&D and operations knowledge of multiple business units to create new products/services?
45477	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support changing R&D and operations policies units based on relevant lessons learned in other business units?
45478	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support creating marketing skills and knowledge that are applicable across multiple business units?
45479	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support transferring relevant customer knowledge among business units?
45480	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support integrating relevant customer knowledge of multiple business units to gain new customer insights?
45481	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support changing marketing and product policies of business units based on relevant customer knowledge discovered in other business units?
45482	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support creating managerial skills and knowledge that are applicable across multiple business units?
45483	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support transferring relevant managerial best practices among business units?
45484	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support integrating relevant managerial policies and processes across multiple business units?
45485	To what extent does the corporate headquarters of <<CompanyName>> actually engage in or support changing managerial policies and processes of business units based on managerial lessons learned in other business units?
45492	The data maintained by the corporation or division is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks.
45493	The computer systems available to me are missing critical data that would be very useful to me in my job.
45494	The company maintains data at an appropriate level of detail for my group's tasks.
45495	Sufficiently detailed data is maintained by the corporation.
45496	The exact definition of data fields relating to my tasks is easy to find out.
45497	On the reports or systems I deal with  the exact meaning of the data elements is either obvious  or easy to find out.
45498	There is not enough training for me or my staff on how to find  understand  access or use the company computer systems.
45499	I am getting the training I need to be able to use company computer systems  languages  procedures and data effectively.
45500	IS takes my business group's business problems seriously.
45501	IS takes a real interest in helping me solve my business problems.
45502	It often takes too long for IS to communicate with me on my requests.
45503	I generally know what happens to my request for IS services or assistance or whether it is being acted upon.
45504	When I make a request for service or assistance  IS normally responds to my request in a timely manner.
45505	Based on my previous experience I would use IS technical and business planning consulting services in the future if I had a need.
45506	I am satisfied with the level of technical and business planning consulting expertise I receive from IS.
45507	IS delivers agreed-upon solutions to support my business needs.
45516	Ability to do a cost/benefit analysis of alternative system designs.
45517	Ability to do an adequate feasibility study.
45518	Ability to do a cost/benefit analysis of alternative packages or tools.
45519	Ability to use formal information requirements determination methods.
45520	Ability to perform semantic data modeling.
45521	Ability to perform object oriented analysis and design for applications.
45522	Ability to create a formal conceptual design for an application.
45523	Ability to use Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE) development tools.
45524	Ability to apply structured program design.
45525	Ability to create effective documentation for applications.
45526	Knowledge of systems development quality assurance procedures.
45527	Ability to design program data structures.
45528	Ability to design security  privacy  and auditing controls for applications.
45529	Knowledge of a specific systems development methodology.
45530	Ability to prototype applications.
45531	Ability to design and use algorithms.
45535	Ability to listen to others.
45536	Ability to work with others to accomplish some goal.
45537	Ability to write clearly & effectively.
45538	Ability to work alone to accomplish some goal.
45539	Ability to persuade others.
45540	Ability to give effective presentations.
45541	Ability to appropriately respond to another's emotions.
45542	Ability to train others.
45544	Ability to do project planning & control.
45545	Have an understanding of a specific business function.
45546	Have an understanding of industry structure and behavior.
45547	Knowledge of the laws and ethical issues associated with computing.
45548	Ability to use MIS planning methods.
45549	Ability to foresee problems that would result from introduction of new technology.
45550	Ability to use techniques for identifying applications that will provide competitive advantages.
45551	Ability to assess the usefulness of new technologies.
45556	Ability to build systems in a mainframe environment.
45557	Ability to build systems in a PC environment.
45558	Ability to build applications in multiple environments/platforms.
45559	Ability to build systems in a minicomputer environment.
45560	Ability to build applications for the Systems Network Architecture (SNA) environment.
45561	Ability to build applications for the Systems Application Architecture (SAA) environment.
45562	Ability to build applications for a UNIX environment.
45563	Ability to program in COBOL.
45564	Ability to use operating system Job Control Languages.
45565	Ability to build applications using 4th generation languages.
45566	Ability to build applications using SQL (or a similar database language).
45567	Ability to program in C.
45568	Ability to program in an object oriented language.
45569	Ability to program in an Artificial Intelligence language.
45570	Ability to program in ADA.
45571	Ability to design relational databases.
45572	Ability to design hierarchical or network databases.
45573	Ability to design distributed applications.
45574	Ability to create effective Decision Support Systems.
45575	Ability to create effective Executive Support Systems.
45576	Ability to design collaborative work applications.
45577	Ability to perform analysis and design for expert systems.
45578	Integration of hardware from different vendors.
45579	Maintenance of computer hardware.
45580	Optical storage technologies.
45581	Parallel processing.
45582	Use of supercomputers.
45583	User-friendly system design.
45584	Integration of software from different venders.
45585	Systems programming.
45586	Application or code generators.
45587	Graphics based user interfaces.
45588	Object oriented design and programming.
45589	Computer Aided Systems Engineering (CASE).
45590	Operations research models.
45591	Physical database design.
45592	Telecommunication systems.
45593	Local Area Networks.
45594	Very large databases.
45595	Electronic Data Interchange (EDI).
45596	Semantic database design.
45597	Image processing.
45598	Multimedia systems.
45599	Expert systems.
45600	Hypertext/Hypermedia systems.
45601	Audio & video programming.
45602	Speech synthesis and comprehension.
45603	Neural networks.
45695	The methodology fails to take into account organizational goals and strategies.
45696	The methodology fails to assess the current information systems applications portfolio.
45697	The methodology does not sufficiently involve users.
45698	The methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization size.
45699	SISP output fails to provide a statement of organizational objectives for the Information Systems Department.
45700	SISP output fails to include an overall organizational hardware plan.
45701	SISP output fails to include an overall organizational data communications plan.
45702	The planning exercise takes very long.
45703	The planning exercise is very expensive.
45704	SISP output fails to provide priorities for developing specific databases.
45705	SISP output fails to sufficiently address the need for data administration in the organization.
45706	SISP output fails to determine an overall data architecture for the organization.
45707	It is difficult to secure top management commitment for implementing the plan.
45708	The final output document is not very useful.
45709	The methodology fails to take into account issues related to plan implementation.
45710	Implementing the projects and the data architecture identified in the SISP output requires substantial further analysis.
45711	The methodology requires too much top management involvement.
45712	The output is not in accordance with the expectations of top management.
45723	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: important- unimportant.
45724	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: irrelevant- relevant.
45725	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: means a lot to me- means nothing to me.
45726	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: unexciting- exciting.
45727	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: dull- neat.
45728	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: matters to me- doesn't matter to me.
45729	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: boring- interesting.
45730	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: fun- not fun.
45731	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: appealing- unappealing.
45732	Please use the series of descriptive words listed below to indicate your level of interest in books: of no concern to me- of concern to me.
45739	I hesitate to use a computer for fear of making mistakes that I cannot correct.
45740	I feel apprehensive about using computers.
45741	I feel insecure about my ability to interpret a computer printout.
45742	I have avoided computers because they are unfamiliar and somewhat intimidating to me.
45743	It scares me to think that I could cause the computer to destroy a large amount of information by hitting the wrong key.
45744	I have difficulty in understanding the technical aspects of computers.
45745	You have to be a genius to understand all the special keys contained on most computer terminals.
45746	I do not think I would be able to learn a computer programming language.
45747	I dislike working with machines that are smarter than I am.
45748	I am afraid that if I begin to use computers I will become dependent upon them and lose some of my reasoning skills.
45749	The challenge of learning about computers is exciting.
45750	I am confident that I can learn computer skills.
45751	I look forward to using a computer on my job.
45752	Learning to operate computers is like learning any new skill: the more you practice  the better you become.
45753	If given the opportunity  I would like to learn about and use computers.
45754	I am sure that with time and practice I will be as comfortable working with computers as I am in working with a typewriter.
45755	Anyone can learn to use a computer if they are patient and motivated.
45756	I feel computers are necessary tools in both educational and work settings.
45757	I feel that I will be able to keep up with the advances happening in the computer field.
45758	Soon our lives will be controlled by computers.
45759	Computers turn people into just another number.
45760	Computers are lessening the importance of too many jobs now done by humans.
45761	People are becoming slaves to computers.
45762	Computers are dehumanizing to society.
45763	The overuse of computers may be harmful and damaging to humans.
45764	Soon our world will be completely run by computers.
45765	Computers will replace the need for working human beings.
45766	Computers will never replace human life.
45767	Computers are bringing us into a bright new era.
45768	The use of computers is enhancing our standard of living.
45769	Life will be easier and faster with computers.
45770	Computers are a fast and efficient means of getting information.
45771	There are unlimited possibilities of computer applications that haven't even been thought of yet.
45772	Computers are responsible for many of the good things we enjoy.
45773	Computers can eliminate a lot of tedious work for people.
45774	Please attempt to classify the strength of the encouragement or pressure put onyour organization by this supplier: No encouragement or pressure: The trading partner did not attempt to encourage EDI adoption.
45775	Please attempt to classify the strength of the encouragement or pressure put onyour organization by this supplier: Information Exchange: The trading partner provided informationregardin g EDI
45776	Please attempt to classify the strength of the encouragement or pressure put onyour organization by this supplier: Recommendation: The trading partner recommended that your organization adopt EDI
45777	Please attempt to classify the strength of the encouragement or pressure put onyour organization by this supplier: Request: The trading partner asked that your organization adopt EDI
45778	Please attempt to classify the strength of the encouragement or pressure put onyour organization by this supplier: Promise: The trading partner made promises regarding benefits to be received from your organization’s adopting EDI (promises could include discounts  faster orders  etc.)
45779	Please attempt to classify the strength of the encouragement or pressure put onyour organization by this supplier: Threat: The trading partner made threats regarding detriments that would result if your organization did not adopt EDI (threats could include discontinuing the relationship  hints that non-EDI customers would receive poor service  etc.)
45817	Our IS assist us in setting our prices relative to the competition.
45818	Our IS help us introduce new products and/or services in our markets.
45819	Our IS help us monitor changes in our market share.
45820	Our IS permit us to rapidly adjust our prices.
45821	Our IS enable us to develop stronger links with suppliers.
45822	Our IS enhance our ability to negotiate with our suppliers.
45823	Our IS enhance our ability to negotiate with our customers.
45824	Our IS enable us to develop stronger links with customers.
45825	Our IS facilitate strategic business planning.
45826	Our IS help us model possible future outcomes of alternative courses of action.
45827	Our IS are used to forecast key indicators of business performance.
45828	Computers make me uncomfortable because I don't understand them.
45829	I feel intimidated by computers.
45830	Computers intimidate me because they seem so complex.
45831	Computers are difficult to understand and frustrating to work with.
45832	I feel confident entering and saving data (numbers or words) into a file.
45833	I feel confident calling up a data file to view on the monitor screen.
45834	I feel confident storing software correctly.
45835	I feel confident handling a floppy disk correctly.
45836	I feel confident escaping/exiting from a program or software.
45837	I feel confident making selections from an on screen menu.
45838	I feel confident copying an individual file.
45839	I feel confident using the computer to write a letter or essay.
45840	I feel confident moving the cursor around the monitor screen.
45841	I feel confident working on a personal computer (microcomputer).
45842	I feel confident using a printer to make a  hardcopy  of my work.
45843	I feel confident getting rid of files when they are no longer needed.
45844	I feel confident copying a disk.
45845	I feel confident adding and deleting information from a data file.
45846	I feel confident getting software up and running.
45847	I feel confident organizing and managing files.
45848	I feel confident understanding terms/words relating to computer software.
45849	I feel confident understanding terms/words relating to computer hardware.
45850	I feel confident describing the function of computer hardware (keyboard  monitor  disk drives  computer processing unit).
45851	I feel confident troubleshooting computer problems.
45852	I feel confident explaining why a program (software) will or will not run on a given computer.
45853	I feel confident understanding the three stages of data processing: input  processing  output.
45854	I feel confident learning to use a variety of programs (software).
45855	I feel confident using the computer to analyze number data.
45856	I feel confident learning advanced skills within a specific program (software).
45857	I feel confident using the computer to organize information.
45858	I feel confident writing simple programs for the computer.
45859	I feel confident using the user's guide when help is needed.
45860	I feel confident getting help for problems in the computer system.
45861	I feel confident logging onto a mainframe computer system.
45862	I feel confident logging off the mainframe computer system.
45863	I feel confident working on a mainframe computer.
45880	We have been able to refocus on core business.
45881	We have enhanced our IT competence.
45882	We have increased access to skilled personnel.
45883	We have enhanced economies ofscale in human resources.
45884	We have enhanced economies ofscale in technological resources.
45885	We have increased control of IT expenses.
45886	We have reduced the risk oftechnological obsolescence.
45887	We have increased access to key information technologies.
45888	We are satisfied with our overall benefits from outsourcing.
45914	Trying to understanding the UML diagrams of ICI required a lot of mental effort.
45932	The process of supervising  influencing  leading and controlling people at all levels.
45933	To be in a position of leadership and influence.
45934	To rise to a position in general management.
45935	I would like to reach a level of responsibility in an organization where my decisions really make a difference.
45936	I want to achieve a position which gives me the opportunity to combine analytical competence with supervision of people.
45937	Being identified with and gaining status from my occupation.
45938	To be recognized by my title and status.
45939	Being identified with a powerful or prestigious employer or organization.
45940	I like to be identified with a particular organization and the prestige that accompanies that organization.
45941	I want others to identify me by my organization and job title.
45942	An endless variety of challenges in my career.
45943	A career which provides a maximum variety of types of assignments and work projects.
45944	The excitement of participating in many areas of work has been the underlying motivation behind my career.
45945	An endless variety of challenges is what I really want from my career.
45946	I have been motivated throughout my career by being able to use my talents in a variety of different areas of work.
45947	The use of my interpersonal and helping skills in the service of others.
45948	The process of seeing others change because of my effort.
45949	Being able to use my skills and talents in the service of an important cause.
45950	I have always sought a career in which I could be of service to others.
45951	I want a career in which I can be committed and devoted to an important cause.
45952	Remaining in one geographical area rather than moving because of a promotion.
45953	It is important for me to remain in my present geographical location rather than move because of a promotion or new job assignment.
45954	I prefer to work for an organization which will permit me to remain in one geographical area.
45955	The chance to pursue my own life-style and not to be constrained by the rules of an organization.
45956	A career which is free from organizational restrictions.
45957	A career which permits a maximum of freedom and autonomy to choose my own work  hours  etc.
45958	During my career I have been mainly concerned with my own sense of freedom and autonomy.
45959	I do not want to be constrained by either an organization or the business world.
45960	An organization which will provide security through guaranteed work  benefits  a good retirement program  etc.
45961	An organization which will give me long-term stability.
45962	I prefer to work for an organization which provides tenure (life-time employment).
45963	Remaining in my specialized area as opposed to being promoted out of my area of expertise.
45964	Remaining in my area of expertise rather than being promoted into general management.
45965	I will accept a management position only if it is in my area of expertise.
45966	I would leave my company rather than be promoted out of my area of expertise or interest.
46008	I tell my stories to other community members in this community.
46009	I share my photos or other personal information with people from this community.
46010	I express my opinions in my posts.
46011	I present information about myself in my profile.
46012	I use a special (or meaningful) signature in this community that differentiates me from others.
46013	I use a special (meaningful) name or nickname in this community that differentiates me from others.
46014	I let other community members visit my personal Web page.
46015	With the above outcomes and associated likelihood levels in mind  indicate the attractiveness to you of using the expert system to the MAXIMUM extent in your job.
46016	Keeping in mind your attractiveness decision (DECISION A) and the FURTHER INFORMATION  indicate the level of effort you would exert to use the expert system to the MAXIMUM extent in your job.
46017	In using the <device interface> for mouse functions I found the tool to be: extremely difficult - extremely easy.
46018	Compared with the <device interface>  entering combinations of keys (such as Alt-t or Control-end) with the <other device interface> is: very much easier - very much harder.
46019	Compared with the <device interface>  finding and using function keys with the <other device interface> is: very much easier - very much harder.
46020	My impression of the <device interface> is that it is: extremely inefficient - extremely efficient.
46021	In general  using the <device interface> was: extremely difficult - extremely easy.
46022	Overall  compared with the <device interface>  using the <other device interface> appears to be: very much easier - very much harder.
46023	I estimate that before today's session my keyboard experience was: more than 1 000 hours - 0 hours.
46024	If the digitizer pad and stylus were readily available  I would use them in place of a keyboard: whenever possible - never  or I never use a keyboard.
46025	If the digitizer pad and stylus were readily available  I would use them in addition to a keyboard: whenever possible - never  or I never use a keyboard.
46026	In using the <device interface> I found that making characters (letters) was: extremely difficult - extremely easy.
46027	Compared with the <device interface>  entering numbers with the <other device interface> is: very much easier - very much harder.
46028	Compared with the <device interface>  entering characters with the <other device interface> is: very much easier - very much harder.
46029	Compared with the <device interface>  entering short character strings using the <other device inierface> is: very much easier - very much harder.
46030	Compared with the <device interface>  entering long character strings using the <other device interface> is: very much easier - very much harder.
46031	Efficiency.
46032	Quality.
46033	Technical innovation.
46034	Adherence to schedule/budget.
46035	Work excellence.
46051	It is easy to locate corporate or divisional data on a particular issue  even if I have not used that data before.
46052	It is easy to find out what data the corporation maintains on a given subject.
46090	A Web site  on which it is easy to go back andforth between pages  is: not important at all - extremely important.
46091	A Web site that provides a few clicks to locate information is: not important at all - extremely important.
46092	In general  a Web site  on which it is easy to navigate  is: not important at all - extremely important.
46093	A Web site that provides the capability to create a list of selecteditems (such as shopping cart) is: not important at all - extremely important.
46094	A Web site that provides the capability to change items from a created list (such as changing contents of a shopping cart) is: not important at all - extremely important.
46095	A Web site that provides the capability to create a customizedprod uct (such as computer configuration or creating clothes to your taste and measurements) is: not important at all - extremely important.
46096	A Web site that provides the capability to select different features of the product to match your needs is: not important at all - extremely important.
46097	In general  a Web site  on which one can actively participate in creating your desired product  is: not important at all - extremely important.
46122	The information system allowed me to help other group members access specific information.
46123	The information system allowed me to help group members use the system better.
46124	The information system allowed more people to refer to me for help.
46125	The information system made me indispensable to the group.
46126	I have gained more authority to carry out my responsibilities because of the information system.
46127	I now have more freedom to decide how to do my work without prior management approval.
46128	More people are accessible through  the information  system.
46129	The information  system has made me more expert-accessible.
46130	The information  system has made it easier to consult with others about  problems.
46131	The information system has allowed me to develop a variety of skills.
46132	The information system has increased my opportunities  for learning outside  of my assigned tasks.
46133	The information system allowed me to influence more people within the  group.
46134	The information system increased my ability to influence the outcome of events within the group.
46135	In general  the system has increased my influence within the group.
46136	I enjoyed using the SAMM System.
46137	The computer-aided process is better than the manual process.
46138	The computer-aided process helps the group achieve its goals.
46139	The computer-aided process helps the group generate ideas.
46140	The computer-aided process helps the group identify key ideas.
46141	The group's problem solving process was efficient.
46142	I am satisfied with the computer-aided process.
46143	The group's problem solving process was satisfying.
46144	The outcome of the planning session reflects my inputs.
46145	I felt personally responsible for the group's decision.
46146	I am committed to the group's decision.
46147	The group's problem solving process was fair.
46148	The role of the facilitator is important to group planning.
46149	The manner and methods of interaction  conduct  and association between the user and the information systems (IS) staff are adequate.
46150	The IS users usually have feelings of assurance or certainty about the systems provided.
46151	The IS staff are willing and committed to subjugate external  professional goals in favor of organizationally directed goals and tasks.
46152	The manner and methods of information exchange between the user and the IS staff are effective.
46153	The contention between the is unit and the non-is units competing for organizational resources or responsibility for success or failure of computer-based information systems or services of interest to both parties is logically resolved.
46154	Upper management usually has a positive degree of internal enthusiasm  support  or participation toward computer-based information systems or services or toward the computer staff that supports them.
46155	The hierarchical relationship of the information systems (IS) function to the overall organizational structure is adequate.
46156	The IS users are willing and committed to achieve organizational goals by utilizing the information system capability.
46157	The status that best characterizes your current IS group's organizational sophistication is: (Definitely in phase I. - Definitely in phase IV.)
46158	The status that best characterizes your current IS group's technological sophistication is: (Definitely in phase I. - Definitely in phase IV.)
46159	Your chief executive officer (CEO) is actively involved in the innovation process.
46160	Innovation is highly encouraged in this organization.
46161	The organization is generally quick to adopt improved work methods.
46162	The organization is generally fast to adjust to new demands  conditions  or circumstances.
46163	The organization has a real interest in the welfare and happiness of those who work here.
46164	The organization tries to improve working conditions.
46165	When decisions are being made  the persons affected are being asked for their ideas.
46166	Excessive rules and administrative details make it difficult for new and original ideas to receive consideration.
46167	Productivity sometimes suffers from lack of organization and planning.
46168	The organization is generally slow to respond to technological changes.
46169	The changes of technology are too fast to keep track of.
46170	In this company  information is widely shared so that those who make decisions have access to all available know-how.
46171	The organizational mission is clearly stated.
46172	The organizational mission is shared throughout this organization.
46173	The policies of the organization are clearly stated.
46174	The policies of the organization are well known by each employee.
46175	In this company  decisions are made at those levels where the most adequate and accurate information is available.
46176	The jobs in this organization are clearly defined and logically structured.
46177	The equipment and resources you have to do with your work is adequate.
46178	The equipment and resources you have to do your work with is well maintained.
46179	You are satisfied with your present position when you compare it to other similar positions.
46180	You are satisfied with the progress that you are making toward the goals you set for yourself in your present position.
46181	You are satisfied with your present job when you consider the expectations you had when you took the job.
46182	You are satisfied with the work that you do as a professional in your company.
46183	You are satisfied with the level of challenge and responsibility you are faced with in your present position.
46184	You are satisfied that the people of your community give proper recognition for your work as a professional in your business.
46185	You are satisfied with your present earnings.
46186	You are satisfied with the amount of interest shown by the community in your company.
46187	I have clear  planned goals and objectives for my job.
46188	I know that I have divided my time properly.
46189	I know what my responsibilities are.
46190	I know exactly what is expected of me.
46191	I feel certain about how much authority I have on the job.
46192	Explanation is clear of what has to be done.
46193	I have to do things that should be done differently under different conditions.
46194	I receive an assignment without the manpower to complete it.
46195	I have an assignment without the manpower to carry out an assignment.
46196	I work with two or more groups who operate quite differently.
46197	I receive incompatible requests from two or more people.
46198	I do things that are apt to be accepted by one person and not by others.
46199	I receive an assignment without adequate resources and materials to execute it.
46200	I work on unnecessary things.
46201	How often does your job require you to work very hard physically or mentally? (Never - Always)
46202	How often does your job leave you with little time to get everything  done? (Never - Always)
46203	How often do you notice a marked increase in your work load? (Never - Always)
46204	I feel fidgety or nervous because of my job.
46205	Problems associated with work have kept me awake at night.
46206	I have experienced physical health-related problems as a result of my job.
46207	I have difficulty relaxing at the end of the day.
46208	Assist other units in determining appropriate uses of information technology.
46209	Recommend new applications of information technology to top management.
46210	How would you rate your chances for promotion to a higher position sometime during your career with the company?
46211	Generally speaking I am satisfied with my job.
46212	I really care about the fate of my organization.
46213	I feel very little loyalty to my organization.
46214	Given everything you know about the company in which you are employed and the type of work you like to do  how long do you think you will continue to work at this company?
46223	Specificity of object system.
46224	Extent of having existing systems as a basis for requirements.
46225	Clarity of requirements.
46226	Stability of requirements.
46227	System analysts’ object system knowledge.
46228	Users’ object system knowledge.
46229	System analysts’ ability to elicit user requirements.
46230	Users’ ability to specify requirements.
46278	How likely is it that  if faced with this situation  you personally would choose to continue with the CONFIG project?
46289	Improved channels of communications.
46290	Helped set clear objectives.
46291	Provide insightful information.
46292	Produced more complete decision making.
46293	Higher quality or more valuable session results.
46294	Improved teamwork and morale.
46295	Increased commitment to results of session.
46296	Enabled greater efficiency and ROI.
46297	Session well suited to group's objectives.
46298	Comfortable using the GDSS tools.
46299	Personal responsibility for group's decisions.
46300	Other meeting types would not have generated same ideas.
46301	Willing to participate in another TeamFocus session.
46302	My group could use TeamFocus on a regular basis.
46303	Comfortable using the keyboard.
46304	Facilitator beneficial to session.
46756	Managing address book.
46757	Sending/receiving e-mail.
46758	Checking flight information.
46759	Reading the news.
46760	Checking weather information.
46761	Sending short messages.
46762	Purchasing movie tickets.
46763	Banking online.
46764	Purchasing books.
46765	Purchasing clothes.
46766	Trading stocks.
46767	Purchasing movie tickets.
46768	Banking online.
46769	Purchasing books.
46770	Purchasing clothes.
46771	Trading stocks.
46772	Managing address book.
46773	Sending/receiving e-mail.
46774	Checking flight information.
46775	Reading the news.
46776	Checking weather information.
46777	Sending short messages.
46778	Playing games.
46779	Disagree over alternatives.
46780	Conflict in negotiation.
46781	Debates over alternatives.
46782	Disagreements over alternatives.
46783	Negotiation-related conflict.
46784	Conflict was experienced.
46785	Acknowledge conflict.
46786	Remarks made about me.
46787	Conflict personality based.
46788	I was ridiculed.
46789	Conflicts personal.
46790	Conflict targeted at me.
46791	Satisfied with budget.
46792	Budget reflected inputs.
46793	Correctness.
46794	Process was efficient.
46795	Process was coordinated.
46796	Process was fair.
46848	Out team frequently experiments with alternative ways to carry out our work.
46849	Our team is highly imaginative in thinking about new or better ways to perform our tasks.
46850	When a nonroutine matter comes up in our work  we often invent new ways to handle the situation.
46851	Members of this team synthesize and integrate their indivdiual expertise at the project level.
46852	Members of this team span several areas of expertise to deveop shared project concepts.
46853	Members of this team can clearly see how different pieces of this projcet fit together.
46854	Members of this team competently blend new project-related knowledge with what they already know.
46855	Members of this team vary widely in their areas of expertise.
46856	Members of this team have a variety of different backgrounds and experiences.
46857	Members of this team have skills and abilities that complement each other's.
46858	There is close  personal interaction among team members at multiple levels.
46859	At multiple levels  this project team is characterized by mutual respect among members.
46860	At multiple levels  this project team is characterized by mutual trust among members.
46861	At multiple levels  this project team is characterized by personal friendship between members.
46862	At multiple levels  this project team is characterized by high reciprocity among members.
46863	Overall  members of this team can interrelate to each other's unique skills and abilities.
46864	Overall  members of this team can interrelate to each other's unique expertise.
46865	Members of this team recognize the potential value of their peers' expertise.
46866	In light of marketplace-mandated changes and new business requirements that arose during project execution  at the present time  this project delivers all desirable features and functionality.
46867	In light of marketplace-mandated changes and new business requirements that arose during project execution  at the present time  this project meets key project objectives and business needs.
46868	In light of marketplace-mandated changes and new business requirements that arose during project execution  at the present time  this project overall is very successful.
46869	Search news easily.
46870	Like to use computers.
46871	Like to use Internet.
46872	Obtain new information.
46873	Learn new knowledge.
46874	Need for work or study.
46875	Fun to read news.
46876	Read news as a hobby.
46877	Let me feel relaxed.
46878	Gain topics for chatting.
46879	Social interaction with friends.
46880	Join news group for discussion.
46881	Avoid lonely feeling.
46882	Release pressure from work or study.
46883	Surf Internet without purpose.
46884	Pass time.
46885	Have nothing else to do.
46886	Likelihood to recommend this site to someone else.
46950	A variety of business managers are actively involved in the process of IS planning.
46951	The level of participation in IS planning by diverse interests of the organization is high.
46952	IT planning involves an evaluation of future information needs of business managers.
46953	A variety of business managers participate in setting IS objectives and strategies.
46954	Business managers from several areas are involved in the selection of major IT investments.
47134	The agent performed its role of recommending digital cameras very effectively.
47318	[System] allows information to be readily accessible to me.
47319	[System] makes information very accessible.
47320	[System] makes information easy to access.
47321	[System] operates reliably.
47322	[System] performs reliably.
47323	The operation of [system] is dependable.
47324	It takes too long for [system] to respond to my requests.
47325	[System] makes information very accessible.
47326	[System] makes information easy to access.
47327	[System] can be adapted to meet a variety of needs.
47328	[System] can flexibly adjust to new demands or conditions.
47329	[System] is versatile in addressing needs as they arise.
47330	[System] effectively integrates data from different areas of the company.
47331	[System] pulls together information that used to come from different places in the company.
47332	[System] effectively combines data from different areas of the company.
47333	[System] provides correct information.
47334	There are few errors in the information I obtain from [system].
47335	The information provided by [system] is accurate.
47336	[System] provides me with a complete set of information.
47337	[System] produces comprehensive information.
47338	[System] provides me with all the information I need.
47339	[System] provides me with the most recent information.
47340	[System] produces the most current information.
47341	The information from [system] is always up to date.
47342	The information provided by [system] is well formatted.
47343	The information provided by [system] is well laid out.
47344	The information provided by [system] is clearly presented on the screen.
47345	All things considered  I am very satisfied with [system].
47346	Overall  my interaction with [system] is very satisfying.
47400	Based on my own values  without considering any possible consequences  I think that Alternative 2 (erase software) is very ethical.
47401	Based on my own values  without considering any possible consequences  I think that Alternative 2 (erase software) is ethically acceptable.
47402	Based on my own values  without considering any possible consequences  I think that Alternative 3 (do nothing) is very ethical.
47403	Based on my own values  without considering any possible consequences  I think that Alternative 3 (do nothing) is ethically acceptable.
47413	Based on the possible consequences  I think that Alternative 2 (erase software) is ethically acceptable.
47414	Based on the possible consequences  I think that Alternative 2 (erase software) is very ethical.
47415	Based on the possible consequences  I think that Alternative 3 (do nothing) is ethically acceptable.
47416	Based on the possible consequences  I think that Alternative 3 (do nothing) is very ethical.
47432	Considering both the possible consequences and my own values  I think that Alternative 2 (erase software) is ethically acceptable.
47433	Considering both the possible consequences and my own values  I think that Alternative 2 (erase software) is very ethical.
47434	Considering both the possible consequences and my own values  I think that Alternative 3 (do nothing) is very ethical.
47435	Considering both the possible consequences and my own values  I think that Alternative 3 (do nothing) is ethically acceptable.
47439	In the above scenario  Alternative 1 (report on John) would definitely not be the alternative I would choose.
47440	In the above scenario  Alternative 3 (do nothing) would definitely not be the alternative I would choose.
47622	Doug Watson is an architect at Architects Unlimited. He is working on a major consulting project for Architects Unlimited. The timing and the completion of the project are critical  and he is committed to the project. He recently purchased an expensive copyrighted software that is essential to finish the project correctly and on time. He anticipates working overtime  including weekends  to complete the project successfully. In order to provide easy access to the software  he makes a copy of the software and installs the software at home and at work.
47623	A close family member of Doug Watson is also an architect. During a holiday family get-together  the family member comes to know about the software and asks to make a copy of the software. Doug Watson lets him make a copy of the software.
47624	While Doug Watson is using the software at work at Architects Unlimited  one of his colleagues happens to pass by and notices the new software. This person shows strong interest in making a copy of the software. Doug Watson lets him make a copy of the software.
47625	The computer consultant at Architects Unlimited comes to know about the software. The consultant wants to keep a copy of the software at the lab so that any employee at the company can copy and use the software. Doug Watson lets the consultant make a copy of the software.
47649	An executive earning $50 000 a year padded his expense account by about $1 500 a year.
47650	In order to increase profits  a general manager used a production process that exceeded legal limits for environmental pollution.
47651	Because of pressure from his brokerage firm  a stockbroker recommended a type of bond that he did not consider a good investment.
47652	A small business received one-fourth of its gross revenue in the form of cash. The owner reported only one-half of the cash receipts for income tax purposes.
47653	A company paid a $350 000  consulting  fee to an official of a foreign country. In return  the official promised assistance in obtaining a contract that should produce $1 0 million profit for the contracting company.
47654	A company president found that a competitor had made an important scientific discovery that would sharply reduce the profits of his own company. He then hired a key employee of the competitor in an attempt to learn the details of the discovery.
47655	A highway building contractor deplored the chaotic bidding situation and cutthroat competition. He therefore reached an understanding with other major contractors to permit bidding that would provide a reasonable profit.
47656	A company president recognized that sending expensive Christmas gifts to purchasing agents might compromise their positions. However  he continued the policy since it was common practice and changing it might result in loss of business.
47657	A corporate director learned that his company intended to announce a stock split and increase its dividend. On the basis of this information  he bought additional shares and sold them at a gain following the announcement.
47658	A corporate executive promoted a loyal friend and competent manager to the position of divisional vice president in preference to a better qualified manager with whom he had no close ties.
47659	An engineer discovered what he perceived to be a product design flaw that constituted a safety hazard. His company declined to correct the flaw. The engineer decided to keep quiet  rather than take his complaint outside the company.
47660	A controller selected a legal method of financial reporting that concealed some embarrassing financial facts that would otherwise have become public knowledge.
47661	An employer received applications for a supervisor's position from two equally qualified applicants but hired the male applicant because he thought that some employees might resent being supervised by a female.
47662	As part of the marketing strategy for a product  the producer changed its color and marketed it as  new and improved   even though its other characteristics were unchanged.
47663	A cigarette manufacturer launched a publicity campaign challenging new evidence from the Surgeon General's office that cigarette smoking is harmful to the smoker's health.
47685	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to enhance the generation of new ideas?
47686	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to identify new business opportunities?
47687	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to identify key problem areas?
47688	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to enhance innovation?
47689	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to communicate top management's expectations down the line?
47690	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to communicate line managers' concerns to top management?
47691	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to foster organizational learning?
47692	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to integrate diverse functions and operations?
47693	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to foster managerial motivation?
47694	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to anticipate surprises and crises?
47695	How would you compare the current computer-supported process to the previous manual process in the ability to adapt to unanticipated changes?
47748	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: product quality?
47749	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: customer responsiveness?
47750	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: asset liability matching?
47751	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: risk management?
47752	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: cost containment?
47753	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: employee productivity?
47754	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: investment performance?
47755	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: new product development?
47756	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: customer satisfaction?
47757	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: operational efficiency?
47758	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: distribution management?
47759	Compared to the life/health insurance industry average  how would you rate your company's performance on each of the following dimensions: underwiring?
47857	Our organization's level of investment in IT personnel management skills.
47858	Our organization's level of investment in IT personnel interpersonal skills.
47859	Our organization's level of investment in IT personnel business functional knowledge.
47860	Our organization's level of investment in the technology management skills of IT personnel.
47861	Our organization's level of investment in data management.
47862	Our organization's level of investment in IT compatibility.
47863	Our organization's level of investment in application functionality.
47984	It is easy to find what I am looking for on the mobile Web site.
47985	It is easy to move around online using the mobile Web site.
47986	The mobile Web site offers a logical layout that is easy to follow.
47987	I like the look and feel of the mobile Web site.
47988	The mobile Web site is attractive.
47989	I like the graphics on the mobile Web site.
47990	My interaction with the mobile Web site is clear and understandable.
47991	Learning to use the mobile Web site was easy.
47992	Overall  I found that the mobile Web site is easy to use.
47993	This mobile Web site is competent and effective in facilitating browsing.
47994	This mobile Web site is competent and effective in facilitating purchasing.
47995	This mobile Web site performs its role of facilitating mobile commerce very well.
47996	Overall  this mobile Web site is a capable and proficient mobile commerce facilitator.
47997	This mobile Web site puts my interests first.
47998	This mobile Web site keeps my interests in mind.
47999	This mobile Web site wants to understand my needs and preferences.
48000	This mobile Web site provides unbiased product recommendations.
48001	I feel good about how things go when I do purchasing or other activities on the Internet.
48002	I am comfortable making purchasing on the Internet.
48003	I feel that most Internet vendors would act in a customer's best interest.
48004	If a customer required help  most Internet vendors would do their best to help.
48005	Most Internet vendors are interested in customer well-being  not just their own well-being.
48006	I am comfortable relying on Internet vendors to meet their obligations.
48007	I feel fine doing business on the Internet because Internet vendors generally fulfill their agreements.
48008	I always feel confident that I can rely on Interent vendors to do their part when I interact with them.
48009	In general  most Internet vendors are competent at serving their customers.
48010	Most internet vendors do a capable job at meeting customer needs.
48011	I feel that most Internet vendors are good at what they do.
48012	The Internet has enough safeguards to make me feel comfortable using it to transact personal business.
48013	I feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems on the Internet.
48014	I feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on the Internet make it safe for me to do business there.
48015	In general  the Internet is now a robust and safe environment in which to transact business.
48016	I am willing to use this mobile Web site as an aid to help with my decisions about which product to buy.
48017	I am willing to let this mobile Web site assist me in deciding which product to buy.
48018	I am willing ot use this mobile Web site as a tool that suggests to me a number of products from which I can choose.
48301	Providing the service provider with my personal information would involve many unexpected problems.
48302	It would be risky to disclose my personal information to the service provider.
48303	There would be high potential for loss in disclosing my personal information to the service provider.
48304	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
48305	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
48306	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
48307	How often have you personally been victim of what you felt was an invasion of privacy?
48308	How much have you heard or read during the last year about the use and potential misuse of computerized information about consumers?
48334	Market share increases attributable to information systems[IS] function.
48335	Profit increases attributable to IS function.
48336	Organization would be out of business without IS.
48337	Information Systems [IS] documented plan is designed to support the corporate strategic plan.
48338	Forecasts of IS capabilities exist.
48339	Corporate and IS plan jointly developed.
48340	End-user surveys (in-house).
48341	Customer/client surveys (individuals not in organization).
48342	Log of errors encountered by users maintained
48343	Return on investment.
48344	Return on assets.
48345	Cost allocation (method of accounting for systems operations and development).
48346	Value added by information technology
48347	Industry average comparison of Information systems [IS] budget as a percentage of revenue.
48348	Budget performance (ability to meet IS budgets).
48349	Cost of maintaining systems.
48350	Log of system availability.
48351	Users' perceptions surveys.
48352	User turnaround time (batch).
48353	Log of computer and communication up/down-time.
48354	System response time (on line)
48355	Management and user perceptions of information systems [IS] performance.
48356	User surveys of user participation in systems development.
48357	User surveys of IS responsiveness to user needs.
48358	Time for IS function to respond to user complaints.
48359	User Complaint logs.
48360	Number of managerial and technical education programs for information systems [IS] staff.
48361	Career ladder(s) for information systems staff exist.
48362	Formal performance appraisal system used.
48363	Level of education of IS staff: degrees and professional certification.
48364	User/information systems [IS] development of user/IS budget.
48365	Percentage of projects completed on time and/or within budget.
48366	Standard methodology for system analysis and design exists.
48367	Evaluation of user and information systems [IS] function documentation is performed.
48368	Estimated of number of man-years in backlog of systems development requests
48369	Formal reward system for innovative thinking and suggestions using information technology.
48370	FormNumber of technical breakthroughs
48375	How did you choose your password? A meaningful detail  (e.g.  name  date  street).
48376	How did you choose your password? A combination of meaningful details  (e.g.. Bill 1997 4june63).
48377	How did you choose your password? A combination of meaningful details  (e.g.. Bill 1997 4june63).
48378	How did you choose your password? A random combination of characters  (e.g.  car8&t  dUCk*? +).
48379	How did you choose your password? Other (please specify).
48380	Have you ever had difficulty remembering your passwords?
48381	Which of the following best describes the systems development process in your organization: Primitive: No formalized procedures or project plans exists. Very poor understanding exists of key process issues.
48382	Which of the following best describes the systems development process in your organization: Repeatable: Can repeat tasks mastered in previous projects. Process dependent on accumulated experience of individuals. New tools and methods cannot be incorporated without risk  due to lack of a process framework.
48383	Which of the following best describes the systems development process in your organization: Defined: The process is established and well understood. The process works in most normal and crisis situations. Sufficient data about process is not collected to analyze process efficiency.
48384	Which of the following best describes the systems development process in your organization: Managed: The process is measured and controlled  metrics are meaningful and well defined. Systematic record of process performance measures is maintained.
48385	Which of the following best describes the systems development process in your organization: Optimized: Systematic process improvement is done. Process performance is regularly monitored and used as a basis for improvement.
48463	Our IT projects support the business objectives and strategies of our company.
48464	We continuously examine the innovative opportunities IT can provide for competitive advantage.
48465	We are adequately informed on the current use of IT by competitive forces (e.g.  buyers  suppliers  and competitors) in our industry.
48466	We are adequately informed on the potential use of IT by competitive forces (e.g.  buyers  suppliers  and competitors) in our industry.
48467	We have an adequate picture of the coverage and quality of our IT systems.
48468	We are content with how our IT project priorities are set.
48469	In our organization  user ideas are given due attention in IT planning and implementation.
48470	Our IT specialist understand our business and the firm.
48471	The structure of our IT function fits our organization.
48472	The IT specialist-user relations in our firm are constructive.
48473	In our organization  the responsibility and authority for IT direction and development are clear.
48474	In our organization  the responsibility and authority for IT operations are clear.
48475	We are confident that IT project proposals are properly appraised.
48476	We constantly monitor the performance of IT functions.
48477	Our IT function is clear about its goals and responsibilities.
48478	Our IT function is clear about its performance criteria.
48479	In my firm top management perceives that future exploitation of IT is of strategic importance.
48480	There is a top-down planning process for linking information systems strategy to business needs.
48481	Some IT development resource is positioned within the business unit.
48482	The introduction of  or experimentation with  new technologies takes place at the business unit level under business unit control.
48576	Please rate the extent to which each of the following architecture teams has in place defined processes to ensure adequate stakeholder representation in the standards setting  changing  and communication process: Infrastructure architecture team.
48577	Please rate the extent to which each of the following architecture teams has in place defined processes to ensure adequate stakeholder representation in the standards setting  changing  and communication process: Application architecture team.
48578	Please rate the extent to which each of the following architecture teams has in place defined processes to ensure adequate stakeholder representation in the standards setting  changing  and communication process: Information management architecture team.
48579	Please rate the extent to which each of the following architecture teams has in place defined processes to ensure adequate stakeholder representation in the standards setting  changing  and communication process: Business architecture team.
48580	Please rate the extent to which each of the following architecture teams has in place defined processes to ensure adequate stakeholder representation in the standards setting  changing  and communication process: Other
48581	For each architecture team  please indicate how closely each architecture team works with business analysts: Infrastructure architecture team.
48582	For each architecture team  please indicate how closely each architecture team works with business analysts: Application architecture team.
48583	For each architecture team  please indicate how closely each architecture team works with business analysts: Information management architecture team.
48584	For each architecture team  please indicate how closely each architecture team works with business analysts: Business.
48585	For each architecture team  please indicate the extent to which the architecture work by each architecture team is influenced by and kept up to date with external industry standards: Infrastructure architecture team.
48586	For each architecture team  please indicate the extent to which the architecture work by each architecture team is influenced by and kept up to date with external industry standards: Application architecture team.
48587	For each architecture team  please indicate the extent to which the architecture work by each architecture team is influenced by and kept up to date with external industry standards: Information management architecture team.
48588	For each architecture team  please indicate the extent to which the architecture work by each architecture team is influenced by and kept up to date with external industry standards: Business architecture team.
48589	For each architecture team  please indicate the extent to which the architecture work by each architecture team is influenced by and kept up to date with external industry standards: Other.
48590	Please rate the extent to which each architecture team has in place defined processes to ensure adequate conformance and designated means to consider exceptions to standards conformance: Infrastructure architecture team.
48591	Please rate the extent to which each architecture team has in place defined processes to ensure adequate conformance and designated means to consider exceptions to standards conformance: Application architecture team.
48592	Please rate the extent to which each architecture team has in place defined processes to ensure adequate conformance and designated means to consider exceptions to standards conformance: Information management architecture team.
48593	Please rate the extent to which each architecture team has in place defined processes to ensure adequate conformance and designated means to consider exceptions to standards conformance: Business architecture team.
48594	Please rate the extent to which each architecture team has in place defined processes to ensure adequate conformance and designated means to consider exceptions to standards conformance: Other.
48595	What is the extent of centralization for the following IT services in your company: Infrastructure planning and management.
48596	What is the extent of centralization for the following IT services in your company: Application development projects prioritization and approval.
48597	What is the extent of centralization for the following IT services in your company: IT development and implementation.
48598	There is heterogeneity in the: Hardware and network components used across projects or lines of business.
48599	There is heterogeneity in the: Middleware (including application servers and messaging brokers) used across projects or lines of business.
48600	There is heterogeneity in the: Tools (including network management and software development tools) used across projects or lines of business.
48601	Multiple groups in different lines of business are providing similar: Security  disaster planning  and business recovery services
48602	Multiple groups in different lines of business are providing similar: Services to manage electronic linkages to suppliers or customers.
48603	Multiple groups in different lines of business are providing similar: Infrastructure services (supporting hardware and middleware).
48604	What percentage of the key applications systems are integrated by a common middleware approach (e.g.  using “integration bus/hub” or synchronous/asynchronous messaging)?
48605	To what extent do you agree that the functional boundaries of individual applications and components have been clearly defined?
48606	My company has formally and sufficiently identified data to be shared across lines of business.
48607	The customer entity is perceived and interpreted in a common fashion by all systems and lines of business.
48608	Key business performance indicators extracted from IT systems are readily available to decision makers who require the information.
48609	Among the set of data that the company would like to share across lines of business  what percentage of the data is currently sharable across lines of business?
48610	Please rate the extent to which your company has defined formal architecture guidelines and internal standards:To reduce heterogeneity of infrastructure components across lines of business.
48611	Please rate the extent to which your company has defined formal architecture guidelines and internal standards:To reduce redundancy of infrastructure services provided by different IT groups.
48612	Please rate the extent to which your company has defined formal architecture guidelines and internal standards:To enable better integration across applications.
48613	Please rate the extent to which your company has defined formal architecture guidelines and internal standards: To enable better management of enterprise data.
48614	Please rate the extent to which members of the company use and conform to the formal company-defined architecture guidelines and internal standards:To reduce heterogeneity of infrastructure components across lines of business.
48615	Please rate the extent to which members of the company use and conform to the formal company-defined architecture guidelines and internal standards: To reduce redundancy of infrastructure services provided by different IT groups.
48616	Please rate the extent to which members of the company use and conform to the formal company-defined architecture guidelines and internal standards: To enable better integration across applications.
48617	Please rate the extent to which members of the company use and conform to the formal company-defined architecture guidelines and internal standards: To enable better management of enterprise data.
48640	Please indicate your organizational structure: functional (i.e.  divided into production  marketing.
48641	Please indicate your organizational structure: product (i.e.  Division by product/service produced.
48642	Please indicate your organizational structure: matrix (i.e.  mixture of above two; subordinates report to multiple managers).
48643	In my organization company strategic planning is considered to be an effective planning tool.
48644	Company's strategic planning has influence on functional departmental objectives.
48645	Information systems participates in company top level strategic planning activities.
48646	Top management involve themselves in information systems strategic planning.
48647	IS strategic planning activities are instrumental in providing cross-functional integration.
48648	IS strategic planning contributes to the success of the company.
48649	IS strategic planning contributes to the success of information systems.
48650	Information systems strategy is aligned with company strategy.
48651	User management determines IS strategic planning objectives.
48652	Information systems is developing systems of strategic value to the company.
48653	IS strategic planning is useful in determining capital budget requirement.
48654	IS strategic planning is useful in determining major development efforts.
48655	IS strategic planning is useful in determining IS manpower requirements.
48656	Optimizing information systems resources effectively contributes to the bottom line.
48657	Information systems is effective in implementing new technologies.
48658	Information systems is meeting objectives of the organization's business needs.
48659	Information systems provide a competitive advantage for the organization.
48660	IS is able to meet objectives on schedule and at projected cost.
48661	IS is perceived to be effective by user community.
48662	(Defender) An organization with this type of strategy attempts to locate and maintain a secure niche in a relatively stable product or service area. The organization tends to offer a more limited range of products or services than its competitors  and it tries to protect its domain by offering higher quality  superior service  lower prices  and so forth. Often an organization with this type of strategy is not at the forefront of developments in the industry - it tends to ignore industry changes that have no direct influence on current areas of operations and concentrates instead on doing the best job possible in a limited area.
48663	(Prospector) An organization with this type of strategy typically operates within a broad product-market domain that undergoes periodic redefinition. The organization values  first in  in new product and market areas even if some of these efforts prove not to be highly profitable. The organization responds rapidly to early signals con- cerning areas of productivity  and these responses often lead to a new round of competitive actions. However  an organization with this type of strategy may not maintain market strength in all areas it enters.
48664	(Analyzer) An organization with this type of strategy attempts to maintain a stable  limited line of products or services  while at the same time moving out quickly to follow a carefully selected set of the more promising new developments in the industry. The organization is seldom a major competitor in areas compatible with its stable product-market base  the organization can frequently be  second-in  with a more cost-efficient product or service.
48665	(Reactor) An organization with this type of strategy does not appear to have a consistent product- market orientation. The organization is usually not as aggressive in maintaining established products and markets as some of its competitors  nor is it willing to take as many risks as other competitors. Rather  the organization responds in those areas where it is forced to by environmental pressures
48666	To what extent has EIS helped you identify potential problems faster?
48667	To what extent has EIS helped you spend less time in meetings?
48668	To what extent has EIS helped you engage in more in-depth analysis?
48738	PCs make work more interesting.
48739	Working with a PC is fun.
48740	I believe the degree of harm that could result from the CAPS project’s failure is very high.
48741	In the end  I don’t believe that it really matters whether the CAPS project fails or succeeds.
48742	I believe that  even if the CAPS project fails  there is little harm that could come from it.
48743	I believe that CDC’s financial future rides on the CAPS project.
48744	I believe that Ron has managed the CAPS project in a very ethical manner.
48745	I believe that Ron’s actions in yesterday’s meeting were immoral.
48746	I believe that Ron has done the right thing in how he plans to handle Steve Rice.
48747	I believe that Ron’s actions in yesterday’s meeting are a good example of values-based leadership.
48748	What impact has information technology had on your company?
48749	How formalized is information systems planning in your company?
48750	To what degree does your division depend on you to do their work?
48751	Notes improves the organization's efficiency.
48752	Notes improves the organization's effectiveness.
48755	Please circle one of the following types of competitive strategies that best describe your organization. An organization with this type of strategy attempts to locate and maintain a secure niche in a relatively stable product or service area. The organization tends to offer a more limited range of products or services than its competitors  and it tries to protect its domain by offering higher quality  superior service  lower prices  and so forth. Often an organization with this type of strategy is not at the forefront of developments in the industry - it tends to ignore industry changes that have no direct influence on current areas of operations and concentrates instead on doing the best job possible in a limited area.
48756	Please circle one of the following types of competitive strategies that best describe your organization. An organization with this type of strategy typically operates within a broad product-market domain that undergoes periodic redefinition. The organization values  first in  in new product and market areas  even if some of these efforts prove not to be highly profitable. The organization responds rapidly to early signals concerning areas of productivity  and these responses often lead to a new round of competitive actions. However  an organization with this type of strategy may not maintain market strength in all areas it enters.
48757	Please circle one of the following types of competitive strategies that best describe your organization. An organization with this type of strategy attempts to maintain a stable  limited line of products or services  while at the same time moving out quickly to follow a carefully selected set of the more promising new developments in the industry. The organization is seldom major competi- tors in areas compatible with its stable product-market base  the organiza- tion can frequently be  second-in  with a more cost-efficient product or service.
48758	Please circle one of the following types of competitive strategies that best describe your organization. An organization with this type of strategy does not appear to have a consistent product-market orientation. The organization is usually not as aggressive in maintaining established products and markets as some of its competitors  nor is it willing to take as many risks as other competitors. Rather  the organization responds in those areas where it is forced to by environmental pressures.
48759	Excellent service providers will have modern-looking information technology [IT] facilities.
48760	The physical IT facilities at excellent service providers should be visually appealing.
48761	Employees of excellent service providers will be neat-appearing.
48762	Materials associated with the service [such as pamphlets or statement] will be visually appealing.
48763	When excellent service providers promise to do something by a certain time  they will do so.
48764	When customers have a problem  excellent service providers will show a sincere interest in solving it.
48765	Excellent service providers will perform the service right the first time.
48766	Excellent service providers will provide their services at the time they promise to do so.
48767	Excellent service providers will insist on error-free records.
48768	Our service providers] has modern-looking information technology [IT] facilities.
48769	Our service provider's physical IT facilities are visually appealing.
48770	Our service provider's employees are neat-appearing.
48771	Materials associated with the service [such as pamphlets or statement] are visually appealing in an excellent service provider.
48772	When our service providers] promises to do something by a certain time  it does so.
48773	When we have a problem  our service providers] shows a sincere interest in solving it.
48774	Our service provider[s] performs the service right the first time.
48775	Our service providers] provides its services at the time it promises to do so.
48776	Our service provider[s] insists on error-free records.
48869	How easy is it to learn to use the smartcard?
48870	How easy is it to learn to use the smartcard?
48871	How easy is it to learn to use the smartcard?
48872	How easy is it to learn to use the smartcard? Ease of use; ease of topping up; Convenient; Cheap; Other; None.
48873	What do you dislike about the smartcard system? More expensive (more deposit);  Incorrect deduction of fare; Must tap card before alighting from bus; Other; None.
48874	Do you find that the smartcard is easier to use as compared to the magnetic farecard?
48875	In your experience  the transition from the magnetic farecard to the smartcard was: extremely problematic - without problems.
48876	Were you ready to switch over to the smartcard during the transition?
48877	How important are cooperative team leaders?
48878	How important is trust in leadere?
48879	Please check all the perceived benefits of the technologies currently used or used in the past in your organization to support task-oriented group collaboration (you can check more than one benefit for a technology): increased effectiveness of collaboration/meetings.
48880	Please check all the perceived benefits of the technologies currently used or used in the past in your organization to support task-oriented group collaboration (you can check more than one benefit for a technology): ability to work with larger groups.
48881	Please check all the perceived benefits of the technologies currently used or used in the past in your organization to support task-oriented group collaboration (you can check more than one benefit for a technology): increased user satisfaction with collaboration/meetings.
48882	Please check all the perceived benefits of the technologies currently used or used in the past in your organization to support task-oriented group collaboration (you can check more than one benefit for a technology): increased equality of participation.
48883	Please check all the perceived benefits of the technologies currently used or used in the past in your organization to support task-oriented group collaboration (you can check more than one benefit for a technology): increased efficiency of collaboration/meetings.
48884	Changes are imposed by management decree
49762	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: ability.
49763	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: job knowledge.
49764	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: productivity.
49765	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: creativity.
49766	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: quality of work.
49767	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: initiative.
49768	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: judgment.
49769	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: planning.
49770	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: accuracy.
49771	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: responsibility.
49772	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: commitment to the organization.
49773	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: commitment to the job.
49774	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: cooperation.
49775	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: honesty.
49776	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: interpersonal relationships.
49777	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: attitude.
49778	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: loyalty to organization.
49779	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: loyalty to supervisor.
49780	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: dependability.
49781	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: communication skills.
49782	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: punctuality.
49783	To what extent do each of the following factors contribute to the individual's SATISFACTORY performance? Possesses the appropriate skills.
49784	To what extent do each of the following factors contribute to the individual's SATISFACTORY performance? Works very hard.
49785	To what extent do each of the following factors contribute to the individual's SATISFACTORY performance? Is lucky.
49786	To what extent do each of the following factors contribute to the individual's SATISFACTORY performance? Job is very easy.
49787	How would you rate this individual's chances for promotion to a higher position sometime during his or her career with the company?
49840	Was the problem interesting?
49869	I believe the system’s conclusions are true or reasonable.
49870	I believe the system’s conclusions are true or reasonable.
49871	How much importance should be given to this factor  local units' perceived need for independence  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49872	How much importance should be given to this factor  top management's beliefs about how the company should be run  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49873	How much importance should be given to this factor  local units' ability to run independently  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49874	How much importance should be given to this factor  local vs. corporate financial sponsorship of the system  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49875	How much importance should be given to this factor  diversity of information processing requirements among local units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49876	How much importance should be given to this factor  interdependence of local units' activities  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49877	How much importance should be given to this factor  providing reliable and consistent services to all relevant units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49878	How much importance should be given to this factor  local units' daily information requirements  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49879	How much importance should be given to this factor  amount of data sharing and routine communication needed among organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49880	How much importance should be given to this factor  amount of non-routine and interpersonal communication needed among organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49881	How much importance should be given to this factor  providing the organizational units with information for 24 hours a day  seven days a week  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49882	How much importance should be given to this factor  reducing and/or preventing backlogs of software development work  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49883	How much importance should be given to this factor  degree of standardization required across the organization's operations  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49884	How much importance should be given to this factor  criticality of the system for organization-wide coordination and control  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49885	How much importance should be given to this factor  criticality of the system for local units' responsiveness to their environment  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49886	How much importance should be given to this factor  capability for disaster recovery  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49887	How much importance should be given to this factor  ensuring data security  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49888	How much importance should be given to this factor  accessibility of local information by corporate management  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49889	How much importance should be given to this factor  minimizing hardware costs  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49890	How much importance should be given to this factor  minimizing communications costs  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49891	How much importance should be given to this factor  maximizing return from existing hardware and software base  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49892	How much importance should be given to this factor  minimizing software costs  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49893	How much importance should be given to this factor  cultural differences among organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49894	How much importance should be given to this factor  language differences among organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49895	How much importance should be given to this factor  differences in work ethics  practices  and conditions among organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49896	How much importance should be given to this factor  computer literacy in organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49897	How much importance should be given to this factor  complying with government data sharing regulations  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49898	How much importance should be given to this factor  complying with government constraints on the purchase of computing equipment and services  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49899	How much importance should be given to this factor  industrial and economic development in areas where organizational units are located  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49900	How much importance should be given to this factor  stability of the government in areas where organizational units are located  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49901	How much importance should be given to this factor  size of local units and their markets  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49902	How much importance should be given to this factor  use of different monetary systems among organizational units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49903	How much importance should be given to this factor  availability of IS expertise in local units  in determining the distribution of a new information system (the degree to which control for the application's data  hardware  and software is centralized or decentralized  or some compromise or combination of both)?
49904	It has taken a lot of time and effort for us to learn the key factors of the focal carrier's organization for us to be effective.
49905	Our sales people have spent much time and effort learning the skills needed to sell this specific product.
49906	The discussions that I have with this carrier's sales representatives are usually not very productive.
49907	My discussions of areas of disagreement with the sales representatives create more problems than they solve.
49908	It would be relatively easy for us to move our business away from this carrier.
49909	With this carrier's sales representative  I frequently discuss our overall business strategy in a general way.
49910	If rewarded with the appropriate incentives  we would be willing to move market share toward a particular carrier.
49911	If considered in our own interest  we would be willing to move market share toward a particular carrier.
49912	While performing the task  the user must continually direct the system to perform whatever specific activities are desired.
49913	Use of the system significantly reduces the skills or knowledge required to successfully perform the task.
49914	A substantial percentage of the task performer's time was spent on routine procedures which did not vary much from task to task.
49915	How was the percentage of time spent on routine procedures affected?
49916	The task was arranged such that a single task performer would not be involved in the task from beginning to end.
49917	How was the ability of an individual to be involved in the task from beginning to end affected?
49918	How well an individual performed the task had a significant impact upon the work of others or upon the quality of the product or service being delivered.
49919	How was impact of how well an individual performed affected?
49920	The task performer often had to make important decisions regarding  what to do next  in the course of performing the task.
49921	How was the number of important  what to do next  decisions to be made by the task performer affected?
49922	Primary reason for code: is a deterrent to employee misconduct because it hints that the employee will be punished if the employee breaks the code.
49923	Primary reason for code: is a deterrent to employee misconduct because it stipulates the punishment the employee will receive if the employee breaks the code.
49924	Primary reason for code: used to educate employees on acceptable behavior in the workplace. It is not for enforcement of proper behavior.
49925	Primary reason for code: provides evidence in any court system to show that the company is making a concerted effort to prevent and detect corporate misconduct.
49926	Primary reason for code: is good public relations; it makes the company appear more ethical and concerned about social issues.
49927	Primary reason for code:  Other: Please describe.
49928	You can't blame basically good people who are forced by their environment to be inconsiderate of others.
49929	When you consider how hard it is for an honest person to get ahead  it is easier to forgive those who deceive others in business.
49930	I wouldn't feel that I had to do my part in a group project if everyone else was lazy.
49931	Computer users like this one (who cracks into a system) provide a service because they point out computer system weaknesses.
49932	The manager was using the services she paid for and so had a right to do what she did (identify a competitor's customers).
49933	Because of the vice president's orders (to beat the competitors any way she could)  the manager is not responsible for her actions (i.e.  crashing the system).
49934	Harming an individual is more wrong than harming a company.
49935	Stealing from companies is not as wrong as stealing from individuals.
49936	It is OK to steal from a large company if it benefits an individual.
49937	It is OK to take advantage of a big company whenever possible  even if it means harming the company.
49938	I would do the same thing if I knew how.
49941	Employee answers the phone promptly and courteously.
49942	Employee checks all screens available for better quality of work.
49943	Employee maintains a calm  professional tone of voice while dealing with customers.
49944	Employee performs all online direct input on customer accounts.
49945	In general  the quality of the work produced for the [line organization] by the [IS organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49946	In general  the efficiency of the [IS organization] in performing its work for the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49947	The level of understanding of the [line organization] for the work environment (problems  tasks  roles  etc.) of the [IS organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49948	The level of understanding of the [IS organization] for the work environment (problems  tasks  roles  etc.) of the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49949	The level of appreciation that the [line organization] has for the accomplishments of the [IS organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49950	The level of appreciation that the [IS organization] has for the accomplishments of the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49951	The level of appreciation that the [IS organization] and the [line organization] have for each other's accomplishments is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49952	The level of trust that exists between the [IS organization] and the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49953	The reputation of the [line organization] for meeting its commitments to the [IS organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49954	The reputation of the [IS organization] for meeting its commitments to the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49955	In general  the level of influence that members of the [IS organization] and the [line organization] have on each other's key decisions and policies is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49956	In general  the ability of members of the [IS organization] and the [line organization] to affect each other's key decisions and policies is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49957	In general  the level of influence that members of the [line organization] have on key decisions and policies of the [IS organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49958	In general  the level of influence that members of the [IS organization] have on key decisions and policies of the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49959	In general  the ability of members of the [line organization] to affect key policies and decisions of the [IS organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49960	In general  the ability of members of the [IS organization] to affect key policies and decisions of the [line organization] is: non-existent—extremely strong.
49961	To what extent did the information contributed by others cause you to re-evaluate your choice (even if you did not change it)?
49962	To what extent did something someone else contributed make you take a second look at your choice (whether you changed your mind or not)?
49963	To what extent did the information contributed by others affect your decision (whether you changed your original decision or not)?
49964	How do you feel about the process by which your group made its decision?
49965	How do you feel about the group's discussions?
49966	All in all  how do you feel?
49967	To what extent did you enjoy participating in this meeting?
49968	I am not sure that all the information that others contributed is accurate.
49969	Some people did not contribute accurate information.
49970	I am not sure I completely believe everything that others contributed.
49971	I am convinced that all the information everyone contributed was accurate.
49972	Does your existing computing system serve the needs of the company?
49973	Are you satisfied with the price/performance of your system?
49974	They will have up-to-date hardware and software.
49975	Their physical facilities will be visually appealing.
49976	Their employees will be well dressed and neat in appearance.
49977	The appearance of the physical facilities of these IS units will be in keeping with the kind of services provided.
49978	When these IS units promise to do something by a certain time  they will do so.
49979	When users have a problem  these IS units will show a sincere interest in solving it.
49980	These IS units will be dependable.
49981	The behavior of employees will instill confidence in users.
49982	Users will feel safe in their transactions with these IS units employees.
49983	Employees will be consistently courteous with users.
49984	Employees will have the knowledge to do their job well.
49985	These IS units will give users individual attention.
49986	These IS units will have operating hours convenient to all their users.
49987	These IS units will have employees who give users personal attention.
49988	These IS units will have the users' best interests at heart.
49989	The employees of these IS units will understand the specific needs of their users.
49990	They will provide their services at the times they promise to do so.
49991	They will insist on error-free records.
49992	They will tell users exactly when services will be performed.
49993	Employees will give prompt service to users.
49994	Employees will always be willing to help users.
49995	Employees will never be too busy to respond to users' requests.
49996	IS has up-to-date hardware and software.
49997	IS's physical facilities are visually appealing.
49998	IS's employees are well dressed and neat in appearance.
49999	The appearance of the physical facilities of IS is in keeping with the kind of services provided.
50000	When IS promises to do something by a certain time  it does so.
50001	When users have a problem  IS shows a sincere interest in solving it.
50002	IS is dependable.
50003	IS provides its services at the times it promises to do so.
50004	IS insists on error-free records.
50005	IS tell users exactly when services will be performed.
50006	IS employees give prompt service to users.
50007	IS employees are always willing to help users.
50008	IS employees are never be too busy to respond to users' requests.
50009	The behavior of IS employees instills confidence in users.
50010	Users will feel safe in their transactions with IS's employees.
50011	IS employees are consistently courteous with users.
50012	IS employees have the knowledge to do their job well.
50013	IS gives users individual attention.
50014	IS has operating hours convenient to all its users.
50015	IS has employees who give users personal attention.
50016	IS has the users' best interests at heart.
50017	Employees of IS understand the specific needs of its users.
50018	Overall  how would you rate the quality of service provided by IS?
50019	Determining the number of IS supervisors required is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50020	Appointment of IS supervisory staff is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50021	Promotion of IS supervisory staff is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50022	Salary increase of IS supervisory staff is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50023	Dismissal of IS supervisor is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50024	Selection of type or brand for new main-frame computer is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50025	Selection of type or brand for new PCs/Workstations is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50026	Selection of type or brand for DBMS software is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50027	Selection of type or brand for data dictionary is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50028	Selection of type for data communication service is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50029	Scheduling development tasks is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50030	Setting standards for data definition is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50031	End-user training methods to be used is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50032	To determine data access control method is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50033	To (re)schedule responsibilities/areas of work of senior analyst/programmers is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50034	To determine a new systems development project is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50035	Setting end-user requirements priority is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50036	Buy or development  decision for application software is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50037	Creation of a new information center is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50038	Creation of a new project team is done by: lower management — above the CIO.
50039	Extent of success in maintaining data integrity: not successful - very successful.
50040	Extent of success in maintaining data accuracy: not successful - very successful.
50041	Extent of success in maintaining data security: not successful - very successful.
50042	Extent of success in providing timely data: not successful - very successful.
50043	Extent of success in maintaining data availability: not successful - very successful.
50044	Extent of success in efficient data distribution: not successful - very successful.
50045	Extent of success in developing strategic plans for data as corporate resource: not successful - very successful.
50046	Extent of success in developing long-range plans for database: not successful - very successful.
50047	Extent of success in identifying your company's information needs: not successful - very successful.
50048	Extent of success in establishing priorities of information needs: not successful - very successful.
50049	Extent of success in training end users: not successful - very successful.
50050	Extent of success in providing consulting to end users: not successful - very successful.
50051	Extent of success in training data processing personnel: not successful - very successful.
50052	Extent of success in providing consulting to data processing personnel: not successful - very successful.
50053	Extent of success in maintaining data dictionary: not successful - very successful.
50054	Extent of success in setting standards for data definition: not successful - very successful.
50055	Extent of success in enforcing data standards: not successful - very successful.
50056	Extent of success in reducing data redundancy: not successful - very successful.
50057	Extent of success in promoting data sharing: not successful - very successful.
50058	We have the scale and volume to justify internal data processing management and operations.
50059	An external data processing service-provider would be able to reduce our hardware costs.
50060	An external data processing service-provider would be able to reduce our software costs.
50061	An external data processing service-provider would be able to reduce our information systems personnel costs.
50062	It is cheaper to manage our own data processing facilities and services than to rely on external data processing service-providers.
50063	There would be significant problems associated with negotiating a contract or agreement (e.g.  agreeing on conditions  prices  etc.) with an external service-provider for our data processing services.
50064	External data processing service-providers would have to be closely and constantly monitored to ensure that they adhere to our contractual terms and conditions.
50065	It would be very difficult to modify our contracts or agreements with external data processing service-providers once a contract is signed.
50066	Compared with our peer banks  our bank has more money that could be invested in data processing financial slack services and operations.
50067	We are facing tighter data processing budget limitations than we did three years ago.
50075	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Information systems strategy.
50076	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Information technology planning.
50077	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Capacity management.
50078	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Production scheduling.
50079	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Human resources management.
50080	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Security management.
50081	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider: Network management.
50082	For each of the IS activities listed below  please circle the number corresponding to the DEGREE to which decisions concerning IS management and operational control are made internally by your bank personnel  jointly (cooperatively) by your bank personnel and those of an external service-provider  or externally by those of an external service-provider:  Personal computer (PC) management.
50083	Compared to our peer banks  our IS facilities and services require technical skills that are relatively unique.
50084	To process our data  external service-providers would have to make substantial investments in equipment and software tailored to our needs.
50085	Our data processing operations are more complex than the data processing operations of peer banks.
50086	We use more hardware platforms and multiple systems configurations than most of our peer banks.
50087	Our banking software portfolio is more sophisticated and complex than those of peer banks.
50088	There are a sufficient number of reputable external service-providers who potentially could provide IS presence facilities and services to our banks.
50089	There are a sufficient number of trustworthy external service-providers who potentially could provide IS facilities and services to our banks.
50090	If we decide to terminate inhouse IS operations  there are other external service-providers who could provide us with the same level of IS facilities and services.
50091	We check Inventory Locator Service (ILS) only when we are unable to obtain a part from the OEM or one of our regular distributors.
50092	Our primary use of Inventory Locator Service (ILS) is to find a needed part during aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases.
50093	We routinely check Inventory Locator Service (ILS) even for non-aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases so that we can be sure of buying at the lowest price.
50094	Our use of Inventory Locator Service (ILS) for aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases would be much higher if suppliers listed their prices on the system.
50095	Our use of Inventory Locator Service (ILS) for non-aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases would be much higher if suppliers listed their prices on the system.
50096	For non-aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases  we use Inventory Locator Service (ILS) largely to gather market intelligence so that we can negotiate better terms with our regular suppliers.
50097	Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has helped us lower the prices we pay for aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases.
50098	Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has had no impact on the prices we pay for non-aircraft on ground (AOG) purchases.
50099	Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has considerably broadened the base of suppliers with whom we place our aircraft on ground (AOG) orders.
50100	Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has considerably broadened the base of suppliers with whom we place our non-aircraft on ground (AOG) orders.
50101	Because Inventory Locator Service (ILS) makes it easier for buyers to locate and compare suppliers  there has been an overall reduction in the prices of used parts in the industry.
50102	Because Inventory Locator Service (ILS) allows us to search the market easily to locate a part  we have considerably reduced our use of brokers.
50103	Because Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has made it easier for us to locate a part in short time  we now maintain significantly lower inventory levels.
50104	Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has increased competition by making it easier for new firms to enter the industry.
50105	By making it easier for us to search the used parts market segment  Inventory Locator Service (ILS) has motivated us to increase the proportion of used parts we buy.
50106	Inventory Locator Service (ILS) will ultimately hurt OEMs by increasing the proportion of used parts purchased by final buyers.
50107	We hesitate to buy from a new supplier because we cannot be sure of the quality of the parts we will get.
50108	How do you feel about the process by which you generated ideas?
50109	How do you feel about the ideas proposed?
50110	How satisfied were you with the computer application your group used to discuss this problem?
50111	Overall  how enjoyable did you find your experience in this group?
50112	For this idea generation session did you: have as much time as you needed - want more time?
50113	Did you have enough time to review other comments and ideas?
50114	Considering all the ideas you thought of  did you: have time to express all your ideas - not have time to express all ideas?
50115	How would you rate the information systems units skills in the following areas: object-oriented languages and systems?
50116	How would you rate the information systems units skills in the following areas: fourth generation programming languages?
50117	How would you rate the information systems units skills in the following areas: client-Server application development?
50118	Please indicate the extent to which you have implemented the following technologies to support customer service: scanning/imaging technology.
50119	Please indicate the extent to which you have implemented the following technologies to support customer service: network with agents/brokers.
50120	Please indicate the extent to which you have implemented the following technologies to support customer service: web-enabled customer interaction.
50121	Please indicate the extent to which you have implemented the following technologies to support customer service: call tracking/customer relationship management system.
50123	Please indicate the extent to which you have implemented the following technologies to support customer service: computer telephony integration (CTI).
50124	Please indicate the extent to which you have implemented the following technologies to support customer service: customer-service expert / knowledge-based system.
50125	Managers in the information systems unit understand the business operations of the customer service unit.
50126	Managers in the information systems unit understand the business strategies of the customer service unit.
50127	There is a common understanding between managers in customer service and information systems units regarding how to use information technology to improve customer service.
50128	Managers in the customer service unit recognize the potential of IT as a tool to increase the productivity (efficiency) of the customer service representatives.
50129	Managers in the customer service unit recognize the potential of IT as a tool to improve the quality of service delivered by the customer service unit.
50130	There is a common understanding between managers in the information systems and customer service units regarding how to use IT to improve customer service.
50131	The customer service unit gives customers prompt service.
50132	Customer service representatives are empowered to solve customers' problems.
50133	When the customer service unit promises to do something for a customer by a certain time  it does so.
50134	When a customer has a problem  the customer service unit shows sincere interest in solving it.
50135	The customer service unit performs the service accurately the first time.
50136	What was the overall rating in your last survey of customers to evaluate the unit's customer service quality: unsatisfied - satisfied?
50137	What was the overall rating in your last survey of customers to evaluate the unit's customer service quality: poor - excellent?
50138	What was the overall rating in your last survey of customers to evaluate the unit's customer service quality: extremely poor - extremely good?
50139	Our company has established corporate rules and standards for hardware and operating systems to ensure platform compatibility.
50140	Our company has identified and standardized data to be shared across systems and business units.
50141	Our customer service representatives and agents can access all data pertinent to a customer through a single interface.
50142	Customer service unit has established clear standards for the quality of service to be delivered.
50143	The company measures and tracks the quality of service provided by the customer service unit.
50144	Customer service representatives are informed about external customer evaluations of the quality of service delivered by the customer service unit.
50145	The company offers competitive salaries to customer service representatives.
50146	Customer service representatives are recognized for delivering quality service.
50154	Of the last five projects with which you have been associated  how many were cases of project escalation?
50155	Of all the projects with which you have been associated during your years as an information systems control professional  what percentage would you classify as cases of project escalation?
50156	In your judgment what  percentage of all IS development projects are cases of project escalation?
50171	During this meeting  to what extent did both clients and developers ask about the other party's unstated reactions to ideas?
50172	During this meeting  to what extent did both clients and developers use multiple ways to describe an idea?
50173	During this meeting  to what extent did both clients and developers identify differences that were not immediately obvious to participants?
50174	During this meeting  to what extent did both clients and developers  focus on understanding or achieving others' personal goals  aside from program specifications?
50175	During this meeting  to what extent did both clients and developers  generate several alternatives that accomplished at least one shared goal?
50176	During this meeting  to what extent did both clients and developers compare alternatives to fallback positions?
50177	During this meeting  to what extent did you meet obligations for this meeting?
50178	During this meeting  to what extent did the developers meet obligations for this meeting?
50179	To what extent did the dialogue in the meeting reorient your thinking about requirements?
50180	To what extent did the dialogue in the meeting question your preconceptions about requirements?
50181	To what extent did the dialogue in the meeting expand your scope of thinking about the requirements?
50182	Now that the semester has ended  what is your current assessment of the probability (0%-100%) that the prototype will be carried forward to implementation in the Spring?
50183	To what extent did the team meet your original requirements?
50184	To what extent did the team provide you with all the client-requested features  functions  and capabilities that were expected early in the project?
50185	Number of points given to team based on ratings of the quality of the prototype and life cycle deliverables by a panel of software engineering experts.
50186	As a result of this last semester's interactions with the students (joint meetings  prototype showings  and presentations) to what extent did these combined experiences allow you to learn specific ways in which users perform their work?
50187	As a result of this last semester's interactions with the students (joint meetings  prototype showings  and presentations) to what extent did these combined experiences give you new understanding  insights  and knowledge about business processes in general  which you can apply to future contexts (e.g. how to improve customer service  how business-to-business web functions ought to work  etc.)?
50188	As a result of this last semester's interactions with the students (joint meetings  prototype showings  and presentations) to what extent did these combined experiences broaden your overall knowledge about how technologies can be used in different contexts in the real world (e.g. handheld devices  web tools  platforms and databases and their compatibilities)?
50189	As a result of this last semester's interactions with the students (joint meetings  prototype showings  and presentations) to what extent did these combined experiences Add constructively to your general inventory of project management skills (e.g. how to manage a project team  how to negotiate  changes of scope  etc.)?
50198	Over the course of the semester  the students had good command of the language.
50199	Over the course of the semester  the students were sensitive to others' needs of the moment.
50200	Over the course of the semester  the students typically got right to the point.
50201	Over the course of the semester  the students paid attention to what other people said.
50202	Over the course of the semester  the students dealt with others effectively.
50203	Over the course of the semester  the students were good listener(s).
50204	Over the course of the semester  the students generally said the right thing at the right time.
50270	I have a lot of freedom to decide how I perform assigned tasks.
50271	I control the content of my job.
50272	I have the authority to initiate projected at my job.
50273	I set my own schedule for completing assigned tasks.
50274	To be successful on my job requires more IT skills than I currently have.
50275	To be successful on my job requires more abilities than I currently have.
50277	The amount of work I am given prevents me from doing my job as well as I would like.
50278	It often seems that I have too much work for one person to do.
50279	I never have enough time to do what is expected of me at work.
50280	I try to find new uses of IT.
50281	I try to use IT in novel ways.
50282	I find that the computer has tools for personal productivity.
50283	I find that the computer has tools to support household activities.
50284	The computer has software that helps with activities in the house.
50285	The computer provides applications that my kid(s) can use.
50286	The computer has useful software for my child (or children).
50287	I find the computer to be a useful tool for my child (or children).
50288	The computer is useful for me to work-at-home.
50289	The computer provides applications related to my job.
50290	I am able to work at home more effectively because of software on my computer.
50291	The computer provides many applications that are enjoyable.
50292	I enjoy playing computer games.
50293	My computer has applications that are fun.
50294	I am able to use my computer to have fun.
50295	People who use a computer at home have more prestige than those who do not.
50296	People who use a computer at home have a high profile.
50297	Using a computer is a status symbol.
50298	My friends think I should use a computer at home.
50299	Those in my social circle think I should use a PC at home.
50300	My family members think I should use a computer at home.
50301	My relatives think I should use a computer at home.
50302	Information from newspapers suggest that I should use a computer at home.
50303	Information that I gather by watching TV encourages me to use a computer at home.
50304	Based on what I have heard on the radio  I am encouraged to use a computer at home.
50305	My coworkers think I should use a computer at home.
50306	My peers at work think I should use a PC at home.
50307	The trends in technological advancement are worrisome to me.
50308	I fear that today's best home PC will be obsolete fairly soon.
50309	I am worried about the rapid advances in computer technology.
50310	The cost of PCs are constantly declining.
50311	I believe the cost of computers will continue to decline in the future.
50312	I think we will see better computers for a lower price in the near future.
50313	Computers that are available today are too expensive.
50314	I think computers are quite pricey.
50315	I consider a computer to be big-ticket item.
50316	My interaction with a computer is clear and understandable.
50317	Interacting with a computer does not require a lot of my mental effort.
50318	I find a computer to be easy to use.
50319	I find it easy to get a computer to do what I want it to do.
50320	I feel comfortable using a computer on my own.
50321	If I wanted to  I could easily operate a computer on my own.
50322	I can use a computer even if no one is around to help me.
50323	I intend to adopt a computer at home.
50324	I predict that I would adopt a computer at home.
50325	I expect to adopt a computer at home in the near future.
50326	How important is the system in assisting your area in meeting its business goals?
50327	How often is the system used by members of your department?
50328	How easily can the source code by understood and supported? Consider modularity  whether structured code was used  documentation  comments in code  integration of modifications over time.
50329	How accurate  reliable  current  and relevant is the data collected and provided by the system?
50330	How often does the system perform its expected function? Consider functionality  response time  and uptime/ availability.
50331	How easy is it for a new user to become proficient with the system? Consider help facilities  menus  user documentation  on screen prompts  and general system complexity.
50332	How well does the system produce output in terms of screen design (e.g.  color  graphics  layout) and report design and readability (e.g.  layout  level of detail  graphics)?
50361	To be successful  this plant must be in constant contact with these other plants.
50362	If this plant's communication links to these other plants were disrupted things would quickly get very difficult.
50363	Frequent information exchanges with these other plants are essential for this plant to do its job.
50364	Close coordination with these other plants is essential for this plant to successfully do its job.
50365	Information provided by these other plants is critical to the performance of this plant.
50366	This plant works independently of these other plants.
50367	The actions or decisions of these other plants have important implications for the operations of this plant.
50368	The enterprise resource planning system was altered to improve its fit with this plant.
50369	A standard version of the enterprise resource planning software was implemented without changes being made to fit the particular requirements of this plant.
50370	When the enterprise resource planning system was being implemented in this plant  the package was changed to better meet the needs of this plant.
50371	Since we implemented enterprise resource planning  plant employees such as buyers  planners and production supervisors need less time to do their jobs.
50372	Enterprise resource planning saves time in jobs like production  material planning and production management.
50373	Now that we have enterprise resource planning it is more time-consuming to do work like purchasing  planning and production management.
50374	Enterprise resource planning helps plant employees like buyers  planners  and production supervisors to be more productive.
50375	Enterprise resource planning helps this plant adjust to changing conditions within these other plants.
50376	Enterprise resource planning has improved this plant's coordination with these other plants.
50377	Enterprise resource planning makes this plant aware of important information from these other plants.
50378	Enterprise resource planning helps this plant synchronize with these other plants.
50379	The information from the enterprise resource planning system has numerous accuracy problems that make it difficult for employees to do their jobs.
50380	The information that the enterprise resource planning system provides to employees in this plant is accurate.
50381	The data plant employees receive from the enterprise resource planning system is true.
50382	The enterprise resource planning data that plant employees (planners  supervisors  etc.) use or would like to use are accurate enough for their purposes.
50383	It is difficult for plant employees to do their jobs effectively because some of the data they need is missing from the enterprise resource planning system.
50384	The data accessible from the enterprise resource planning system lacks critical information that would be useful to plant employees.
50385	In terms of its business impacts on the plant  the enterprise resource planning system has been a success.
50386	Enterprise resource planning has seriously improved this plant's overall business performance.
50387	Enterprise resource planning has had a significant positive effect on this plant.
50390	Top management understands the importance of telecommunications.
50391	Top management supports the development of telecommunications.
50392	Telecommunications capabilities are considered in the organization's strategic planning process.
50393	Telecommunications has been recognized as an important tool in strategic planning.
50394	Budget allocation toward telecommunications had been favorably considered by management.
50398	Make decisions on future telecommunication needs of the organization.
50399	Discuss how the development of telecommunications can contribute toward accomplishing organizational objectives.
50400	Discuss how telecommunications could improve the performance of other operating functions.
50401	Discuss how the telecommunications system can be managed to ensure the efficient and effective use of resources.
50402	Discuss ways in which telecommunications technology can be used in strategic planning.
50403	Meet regularly.
50404	Discuss ways in which telecommunications technology can be used to achieve competitive advantage.
50405	Decide how the integration of voice and data can be achieved.
50406	The number of decisions supported by the services or tools offered by the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50407	The number of decisions supported by the services or tools offered by the information center is: increasing - decreasing.
50408	The quality of the decisions made using the reports produced by the tools supported by the information center is: high - low.
50409	The quality of the decisions made using the reports produced by the tools supported by the information center is: constant  - irregular.
50410	The rapidity of the decisions made using applications developed with tools supported by the information center is: high - low.
50411	The rapidity of the decisions made using applications developed with tools supported by the information center is: significant - insignificant.
50412	The availability of data from the information center necessary for decision making is: good - poort.
50413	The availability of data from the information center necessary for decision making is: sufficient - insufficient.
50414	Computerized tasks supported by the information center are much easier to carry out to the following degree: significant - insignificant.
50415	Computerized tasks supported by the information center are much easier to carry out to the following degree: sufficient - insufficient.
50416	The increase in the amount of work carried out on the tools of the information center is: significant - insignificant.
50417	The increase in the amount of work carried out on the tools of the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50418	The increase in my efficiency resulting from the use of the information center's tools is: significant - insignificant.
50419	The increase in my efficiency resulting from the use of the information center's tools is: sufficient - insufficient.
50420	The information center has freed me of the constraints of the computer department to the following degree: significant - insignificant.
50421	The information center has freed me of the constraints of the computer department to the following degree: sufficient - insufficient.
50422	The training provided by the information center is: complete - incomplete.
50423	The training provided by the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50424	The documentation prepared by the information center for training purposes is: complete - incomplete.
50425	The documentation prepared by the information center for training purposes is: simple - complicated.
50426	The troubleshooting provided by the information center is: complete - incomplete.
50427	The troubleshooting provided by the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50428	The information bulletins provided by the information center are: complete - incomplete.
50429	The information bulletins provided by the information center are: useful - useless.
50430	The other services offered by the information center are: sufficient - insufficient.
50431	The other services offered by the information center are: useful - useless.
50432	The recentness of the information produced by the services offered by the information center is: adequate - inadequate.
50433	The recentness of the information produced by the services offered by the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50434	The pertinence of the information produced by the information center is: high - low.
50435	The pertinence of the information produced by the information center is: increasing - decreasing.
50436	The diversity of services (training  development  consultation  etc.) offered by the information center is: high - low.
50437	The diversity of services (training  development  consultation  etc.) offered by the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50438	The databases available (personnel  marketing  finance  ...) through the information center are: appropriate - inappropriate.
50439	The databases available (personnel  marketing  finance  ...) through the information center are: pertinent - not pertinent.
50440	The technical assistance provided by the employees of the information center for the tools supported is: simple - complex.
50441	The technical assistance provided by the employees of the information center for the tools supported is: adequate - inadequate.
50442	The troubleshooting provided by the information center is: complete - incompletet.
50443	The troubleshooting provided by the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50444	The advice and opinions provided by the staff of the information center are: relevant - irrelevant.
50445	The advice and opinions provided by the staff of the information center are: rapid - slow.
50446	The consulting services offered by the information center are: sufficient - insufficient.
50447	The consulting services offered by the information center are: rapid - slow.
50448	The attitude of the information center staff is: positive - negative.
50449	The attitude of the information center staff is: user-oriented - technically oriented.
50450	The timing of the information produced by the information center is: adequate - inadequate.
50451	The timing of the information produced by the information center is: constant - irregular.
50452	The time required by the information center to respond to service requests by users is: short - long.
50453	The time required by the information center to respond to service requests by users is: acceptable - unacceptable.
50454	The applications developed by the information center are: rapid - slow.
50455	The applications developed by the information center are: flexible - rigid.
50456	The time required to develop or have a new application developed by the information center is: short - long.
50457	The time required to develop or have a new application developed by the information center is: acceptable - unacceptable.
50458	The requests for data extraction conducted by the information center are: carried out quickly - carried out slowly.
50459	The requests for data extraction conducted by the information center are: well received - badly received.
50460	The relations with the information center staff are: good - poor.
50461	The relations with the information center staff are: cooperative - uncooperative.
50462	The technical competence of the information center staff is: up-to-date - out-of-date.
50463	The technical competence of the information center staff is: high - low.
50464	The level of control I have over the development of applications is: high - low.
50465	The level of control I have over the development of applications is: significant - insignificant.
50466	The degree to which I have mastered the computer tools I use is: high - low.
50467	The degree to which I have mastered the computer tools I use is: sufficient - insufficient.
50468	My capacity to set up a small system on the tools of the information center is: high - low.
50469	My capacity to set up a small system on the tools of the information center is: sufficient - insufficient.
50528	Which of the following items best describes your impressions of the actual level of user involvement in the design and ongoing development of the S system?
50529	Which of the following items best describes your impressions of the ideal level of user involvement in the design and ongoing development of the S system?
50530	Which of the following items best describes the degree to which you believe the project group understood the requirements and opinions of users in the design of the S system?
50531	Which of the following items best describes the degree to which you believe the project group seriously considered the requirements and opinions of the users in the design of the S system?
50532	Which of the following items best describes the degree to which you believe the project group consulted users in the design of the S system?
50533	Which of the following items best describes your impressions of the actual level of management support for the S system?
50534	Which of the following items best describes your impressions of the ideal level of management support for the S system?
50535	How often would you expect to use the system or its reports for your own requirements?
50536	How often would you expect other managers to use the system or its reports?
50537	How would you rate the probability that the system will be a success?
50538	What level of accuracy do you expect from the system?
50539	How useful do you think the system will be?
50540	How often would you expect to use the system or its reports for your own requirements?
50541	How often would you expect other managers to use the system or its reports?
50542	How would you rate the probability that the system will be a success?
50543	What level of accuracy do you expect from the system?
50544	How useful do you think the system will be?
50545	How would you describe your level of experience with packages developed for personal computers (e.g.  spreadsheet packages  word processing packages)?
50546	How would you describe your level of experience with computer systems other than those developed for personal computers?
50547	How would you describe the nature of your previous encounters with computer systems other than system S and/or P.
50662	The information systems help me to work more efficiently and/or effectively (e.g.  higher productivity; better decisionmaking).
50663	Knowing how to use the information systems effectively allows me to have more changes to secure my job.
50664	Knowing how to use the information systems effectively enables me to get more recognition and/or establish better relationships/communications with colleagues and customers at work.
50665	Knowing how to use the information systems effectively enables me to have more power and control over colleagues at work.
50666	Knowing how to use the information systems effectively provides me with the opportunity to advance my career and/or to meet new challenges at work.
50670	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: ability.
50671	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: job knowledge.
50672	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: productivity.
50673	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: creativity.
50674	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: quality of work.
50675	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: initiative.
50676	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: judgment.
50677	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: planning.
50678	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: accuracy.
50679	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: responsibility.
50680	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: commitment to the organization.
50681	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: commitment to the job.
50682	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: cooperation.
50683	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: honesty.
50684	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: interpersonal relationships.
50685	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: attitude.
50686	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: loyalty to organization.
50687	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: loyalty to supervisor.
50688	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: dependability.
50689	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: communication skills.
50690	Please rate this employee in terms of the following qualities on a 7-point scale ranging from (1) unsatisfactory to (7) excellent: punctuality.
50776	To whom can we easily connect: anyone  anywhere?
50777	To whom can we easily connect: customers  suppliers regardless of IT base?
50778	To whom can we easily connect: customers  suppliers with the same IT base as us?
50779	To whom can we easily connect: across different business units abroad?
50780	To whom can we easily connect: across different business units domestically?
50781	To whom can we easily connect: across geographically spread single business unit locations?
50782	To whom can we easily connect: within a single business unit location?
50783	What services can we share automatically and seamlessly: send messages?
50784	What services can we share automatically and seamlessly: access to information?
50785	What services can we share automatically and seamlessly: perform simple transactions?
50786	What services can we share automatically and seamlessly: perform complex transactions on multiple applications?
50794	My relationship with this person is very close.
50795	Overall  how would you rate organizational support for the development of telecommunications in your organization?
50796	Which product do you prefer when you compare the two?
50810	All in all  how satisfied are you with being a member of this group?
50811	Did you feel rushed in recording your ideas?
50812	Customer service representatives are never too busy to respond to customers.
50813	Customer service representatives understand customers' specific needs.
50814	Customer service representatives are rewarded for delivering quality service.
50855	: How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: the non-IT job had higher pay than my current IT job.
50856	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: the non-IT job was a higher level than my current IT job.
50857	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: the non-IT job looked more interesting than my current IT job.
50858	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I thought my career opportunities would be greater in non-IT roles.
50859	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I knew about the area I was going to be working in.
50860	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I knew several people from the new area.
50861	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: my IT skills were going to be very useful in the new job.
50862	At the time you accepted the first non-IT job at TMG: I had a guarantee that I could return to IT if the new job didn't work out.
50863	At the time you accepted the first non-IT job at TMG: IT had promised me some special IT support in my new job.
50864	How risky did you perceive a move out of IT was for your career?
50865	IT and Business Areas had a very healthy working relationship.
50866	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: non-IT jobs have higher status than IT jobs  in general.
50867	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: IT people were not highly regarded.
50868	Line managers recognized IT as a core skill for a management job.
50869	There were many IT champions in line management.
50870	Senior management in IT had a plan to move IT managers into non-IT roles.
50871	Were you attracted by the possibility of an eventual move into a non-IT position?
50872	Was your career strategy at the time you accepted your first Job with TMG IT or line?
50873	I had wanted to be in a non-IT Job for some time.
50876	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I wanted to stay with the Mutual Group and moving out of IT offered new opportunities.
50877	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I wasn't sure if I wanted to be thought of as part of the insurance industry rather than the IT profession.
50878	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I was concerned that I would lose my specialist knowledge.
50879	How important was each of the following factors in your decision to take the first non-IT job: I was worried about moving from a 'professional' role to an 'administrative' or 'sales' role.
50880	I didn't like my current job.
50881	IT wasn't a good place for me to work.
50882	How important was each of the following factors in giving you the confidence to take the first non-IT job: I gained a lot of insurance knowledge from courses.
50883	How important was each of the following factors in giving you the confidence to take the first non-IT job: I had previously held non-IT jobs.
50884	I had a mentor/sponsor who was helpful in my adjustment in the new job.
50885	Existing friendships with IT helped me to adapt to my new role.
50886	Existing relationships with the department I moved into helped me adapt.
50887	Existing friendships in other business areas helped me to adapt.
50901	Compared with our peer banks  our bank has more money that could be invested in data processing financial slack services and operations.
50902	We are facing tighter data processing budget limitations than we did three years ago.
53163	It was easy to become skillful using [technology].
53164	It is easy to remember how to perform tasks using [technology].
53165	Using [technology] makes it easier to do my work.
53166	Using [technology] allows me to accomplish work more quickly.
53195	The overall security philosophy at this location is to provide very tight security without hindering productivity.
53196	The activities of computer security administrators are well known to users at this location.
58961	What is the likelihood that you would accept the decision  aid’s advice?
58962	How probable is it that  you would accept the decision aid’s advice?
58963	How influential do you perceive the agent’s advice to be?
58964	Was it easy to understand why the decision aid gave that specific advice?
58965	How much did you understand  how the decision aid worked?
58966	How clear for you was the way the decision aid produced the outcome?
59023	I intend to continue using The System * rather than discontinue its use.
59024	My intention is to continue using The System rather than using any alternative means.
59025	I predict that I will use the new features when they become available.
59026	I intend to use the new features when they become available.
59027	What is your overall satisfaction with the upgrades of The System? [Very dissatisfied-Very satisfied]
59028	What is your overall satisfaction with the upgrades of The System? [Very unpleasant-Very pleasant]
59029	What is your overall satisfaction with the upgrades of The System? [Very frustrated-Very contented]
59030	My overall experience with using the upgrades of The System was better than what I expected.
59031	The service level provided by the upgrades of The System was better than what I expected.
59032	Using the upgrades of The System enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
59033	Using the upgrades of The System increases my productivity.
59034	Overall  the upgrades of The System are useful in my job.
59035	Learning to use the upgrades of The System is easy for me.
59036	My interaction with the upgrades of The System is clear and understandable.
59037	I find the upgrades of The System easy to use.
59038	My management promote the use of the upgrades of The System.
59039	My co-workers think that I should use the upgrades of The System.
59040	I have the technical resources necessary to use the upgrades of The System.
59041	I have the knowledge necessary to use the upgrades of The System.
59042	I feel comfortable with the changes resulting from the upgrades of The System.
59043	The continuous pace of upgrades of The System does not bother me.
59044	In the upgrades  the use of buttons  radio buttons  and combo boxes is consistent with my understanding.
59045	In the upgrades  the data display is consistent with my usage conventions.
59046	Using The System has become a habit to me.
59047	Using The System has become automatic to me.
59048	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
59049	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
59050	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
59137	The interviewee provided many details.
59138	The interviewee was engaged and interested during the interview.
59139	The interviewee’s explanations were reasonable.
59140	The interviewee showed uncertainty in responding to the questions.
59141	The interviewee was very cooperative.
59142	The interviewee was anxious during the interview.
59143	The interviewee’s explanations were not plausible.
59144	The interviewee had to think hard when responding.
59145	The interviewee seemed hesitant.
59146	The interviewee was very pleasant.
59147	I am suspicious about what the interviewee said.
59266	During the project  period  to what extent did you work with this person [name] at the different location?
59270	Our team has a solid technological infrastructure to  support our task-related communication.
59271	Our team has a solid technological infrastructure to  support our documentation needs.
59272	Our team has a solid technological infrastructure to  support our decision-making capability.
59298	Our team often collaborates with members across different time zones.
59299	Our team often works extended days in order to  communicate with remote team members.
59300	Our team rarely communicates all together at the same time.
59301	How emotionally close are you to this person [name]?
59302	List the names of people with whom you maintain a friendship. These people should be outside the project team but within the company you work for.
59303	On the list below  please mark on the ties to indicate instances  in which both people have friendship relations.
59304	I frequently use personal communication technologies to  conduct my tasks.
59305	I frequently use personal communication technologies to  exchange task-related information.
59306	I frequently use personal communication technologies to  exchange socioemotional information.
59307	I frequently use group support technologies for decision making.
59308	I frequently use group support technologies for idea generation.
59309	I frequently use group support technologies for problem solving.
59310	The exchange provides up-to-date information with regard to transactions.
59311	The data this exchange provides are never outdated.
59312	I feel satisfied with the data accuracy of the exchange system.
59313	Data provided by this exchange are completely error-free
59314	The information content of the exchange meets my needs.
59315	The exchange maintains the right data for my purposes.
59316	Based on my needs  this exchange has no missing data items.
59317	What is the likelihood that you would continue using this exchange in the future to carry out transactions similar to the ones described in your case?
59318	If I was faced with a similar purchasing decision in the future  I would use this data exchange again.
59319	If a similar ordering need arises in the future  I would feel comfortable using this data exchange again to place my order.
59320	If I continued to do such purchasing as this  I would not intend to continue transacting with this data exchange.
59321	The data exchange provided by PanAmerican Industries has enough safeguards to make me feel comfortable using it to transact business.
59322	I feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems on this data exchange.
59323	I feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on this data exchange make it safe for me to do business there.
59324	As a business professional  I have to do certain things on my  job. Strictly following computer security policies is one of them.
59325	Following computer security rules and policies is an important part of my work as a business professional.
59326	Breaking security policies hurts my image as a business  professional.
59327	As a business professional  I have to do certain things; taking care of computer security issues is one of them.
59328	This security policy helps secure computer systems.
59329	This security policy is absolutely necessary.
59330	This security policy is effective for securing computer systems.
59331	This security policy is important.
59332	The action can cause damages to computer security.
59333	The action can put important data at risk.
59334	The action will most likely cause security breaches.
59335	Please rate the vendor’s performance on fulfilling each of the following goals: Quality of service.
59336	Please rate the vendor’s performance on fulfilling each of the following goals: Timeliness of expected delivery.
59337	Please rate the vendor’s performance on fulfilling each of the following goals: Accuracy of order fulfillment.
59338	action helps improve my job performance.
59339	The action makes it more convenient for me to do my job.
59340	The action would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
59341	The action would make it easier to do my job.
59342	The likelihood my organization would punish me for engaging  in the action is very low—very high.
59343	I will be reprimanded eventually if my organization is aware of my action.
59344	If the management decides to punish me  the punishment would be not severe at all—very  severe.
59345	My coworkers will believe it is wrong to engage in this action.
59346	My supervisor will disapprove of this action.
59347	My supervisor will not object to this action.
59348	My coworkers will think that I should do this action.
59349	For me to engage in the action is a bad—good idea.
59350	For me to engage in the action is harmful—beneficial.
59351	For me to engage in the action is wrongful—rightful.
59352	For me to engage in the action is unethical—ethical.
59353	For me to engage in the action is worthless—valuable.
59354	For me to engage in the action is illegitimate—legitimate.
59355	I would do [the behavior] if I were the person.
59356	I would do [the behavior] if I were in a similar situation.
59357	The output our team generated and finally agreed upon is as comprehensive a set of knowledge as it gets to address the issues raised in the cases.
59358	I have confidence in the quality of the final set of factors that we generated.
59359	I am confident that the final set of factors we came up with if implemented as an expert system will be a very useful support system for network designers.
59360	I am convinced that the intermediate/final set of factors we came up with is the best outcome.
59361	Overall  I am completely satisfied that our team generated a high quality and comprehensive set of network design knowledge for the three situations.
59362	RepGrid/Delphi approach enabled me to better understand my other team members’ expertise and their approach to the problem situations portrayed in the cases.
59363	I am convinced that RepGrid/Delphi approach enabled our team to generate new ideas that we would not have been able to individually provide.
59364	I am satisfied with the group process employed to tap into my and my other team members’ expertise in network design.
59365	I was able to participate extensively in the knowledge-sharing process.
59366	Overall  I am satisfied with the knowledge generation process that the RepGrid/Delphi approach enabled our group to arrive at the final outcome.
59367	Frequently suggests new standard requirements to this vertical standard consortia (VSC).
59368	Actively participates in standard development activities via working groups  VSC meetings  online forums  and so forth.
59369	Is involved in the standard testing.
59370	Always participates in the VSC voting process.
59371	Keeps providing feedback of standards implementation to this VSC.
59372	Actively sends representatives to participate in VSC activities.
59373	Attends VSC meetings on a regular basis .
59374	Is an important stakeholder in deciding the policies and directions of this VSC.
59375	Actively promotes this VSC and its standards.
59376	Your firm has employees who understand technical details of the standards.
59377	Your firm has experience in developing information technology standards.
59378	Your firm has gained experience from working in other standards consortia.
59379	The goals and objectives of this vertical standard consortia (VSC) are clear and well understood.
59380	This VSC is neutral and independent with respect to all firms participating in the consortia.
59381	The standard development process in this VSC is open.
59382	This VSC disseminates information accurately and responsively.
59383	The rules and procedures of this VSC are clear and fair.
59384	This VSC has a strong and efficient leadership.
59385	This VSC provides sound intellectual property rights policies and protection .
59386	This VSC promotes trust and compatibility among members.
59387	Help your corporation gain leverage over its suppliers.
59388	Reduce variance in supplier lead times.
59389	Help develop close relationships with suppliers.
59390	Improve monitoring of the quality of products and services from suppliers.
59391	Enable electronic transactions with suppliers.
59392	Improve production throughput or service volumes.
59393	Improve operating flexibility
59394	Enhance utilization of machinery and equipment.
59395	Improve the productivity of labor.
59396	Streamline business processes.
59397	Enhance the value of products and services by embedding IT in them.
59398	Decrease the cost of designing new products and services.
59399	Reduce the time-to-market for new products and services.
59400	Enhance product and service quality.
59401	Support product / service innovation.
59402	Help track market response to pricing strategies.
59403	Increase your ability to anticipate customer needs.
59404	Enable sales people to increase sales per customer.
59405	Improve accuracy of sales forecasts.
59406	Enable identification of market trends.
59407	Enhance your ability to provide after-sales service and support.
59408	Improve product / service distribution.
59409	Enhance flexibility and responsiveness to customer needs.
59410	Enhance your ability to attract and retain customers.
59411	Enable you to support customers during the sales process.
59412	It is clear where I can go in the virtual world (e.g.  using fly and teleport).
59413	It is easy to get around the whole virtual world (e.g.  using fly and teleport).
59414	It does not take much time to figure out a way of moving around the virtual world (e.g.  using  fly and teleport).
59415	I can always figure out where I am while navigating the virtual world.
59416	Each component of the virtual world is well related to each other.
59417	Components of the virtual world work well together.
59418	Each component of the virtual world seems to hang together.
59419	Components of the virtual world harmoniously hang with each other.
59420	The virtual world does not contain enough components to interest me.
59421	The virtual world contains a good variety of components that keep me involved.
59422	I feel drawn in by the variety of information or artifacts the virtual world offers.
59423	The virtual world makes me feel there is something interesting to explore.
59424	As I navigate through the virtual world  an increase in curiosity inspires me to continue to explore.
59425	I expect the virtual world will provide interesting things to increase my curiosity as I explore.
59426	I feel I will find interesting things if I navigate more in the virtual world.
59427	The virtual world has strong protection against any unauthorized access attempts from outside.
59428	The virtual world exercises enough precaution to provide a safe place in the virtual environment.
59429	The virtual world has a strict policy to protect private information of its members.
59430	This virtual world is visually attractive.
59431	The virtual world is beautifully designed.
59432	The virtual world contains vivid artifacts and background.
59433	The virtual world looks clean and clear.
59434	The virtual world appears professional.
59435	The virtual world is creatively designed.
59436	The virtual world looks fascinating.
59437	The virtual world is designed sophisticatedly.
59438	The virtual world is effective to achieve the goals of any future visits.
59439	The virtual world is convenient to attain the goals of any future visits.
59440	I feel comfortable using the virtual world to achieve the goals of any future visits.
59441	The virtual world is helpful to achieve the goals of any future visits.
59442	It is easy to use the virtual world site in general.
59443	I would describe my overall experience while visiting the virtual world as exciting.
59444	I would describe my overall experience while visiting the virtual world as pleasant.
59445	I would describe my overall experience while visiting the virtual world as interesting.
59446	I would describe my overall experience while visiting the virtual world as enjoyable.
59447	I felt in control while moving around the site.
59448	When using the virtual world I feel in control.
59449	I feel that I have no control over my interaction with the virtual world.
59450	Number of visits (participation) to the virtual world.
59451	Amount of energy to spend on the virtual world.
59452	This is my virtual world.
59453	I feel a very high degree of personal ownership for this virtual world.
59454	I sense that I own this virtual world.
59455	It is hard for me to think about this virtual world as mine.
59456	I intend to revisit this virtual world when necessary.
59457	I predict I would spend more time in this virtual world than other sites.
59458	I expect I will interact with other visitors while visiting the virtual world.
59459	Working with information technology makes me nervous.
59460	Information technology makes me feel uncomfortable.
59461	Information technology makes me feel uneasy.
59462	I have a lot of freedom to decide how I perform assigned tasks.
59463	I have the authority to initiate projects in my job.
59464	I set my own schedule for completing assigned tasks.
59465	My workload is too heavy.
59466	The amount of work I am given prevents me from doing my job as well as I would like.
59467	It often seems that I have too much work for one person to do.
59468	I never have enough time to do what is expected of me at work.
59469	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
59470	Among peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
59471	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
59472	The senior management of my company supports best practices in using information technology.
59473	My boss is very supportive of PC use for my job.
59474	My boss strongly encourages me to make better use of information technology.
59475	I have control over using IT when performing my work tasks.
59476	I have the resources necessary to use the information technology available to me at work.
59477	I have the knowledge necessary to use the information technology available to me at work.
59478	It usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal information when I use online services (e.g.  Internet shopping).
59479	I am concerned about threats to my personal privacy when I use the Internet.
59480	It is important for me to protect my privacy on the Internet.
59481	When other bloggers ask me for personal information  I think twice before providing it.
59482	When I blog  personal privacy is important. It usually bothers me when other bloggers ask me for personal information.
59483	It bothers me to give personal information to so many people.
59484	The other bloggers who I interact with do not use personal information without the owner’s permission.
59485	The other bloggers who I interact with are truthful in dealing with one another.
59486	The other bloggers who I interact with will not take advantage of others even when the opportunity arises.
59487	The information that I get from other blogs is trustworthy.
59488	The knowledge that I get from other blogs is trustworthy.
59489	The blog service provider (e.g.  LiveJournal  Orkut) that I use provides enough safeguards to make me feel comfortable using it to post my information.
59490	The blog service provider (e.g.  LiveJournal  Orkut) that I use provides a robust and safe environment in which to transact my information.
59491	I feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems on the blog service provider.
59492	When I share information through blogs  I believe that my questions will be answered in the future.
59493	I believe that other bloggers I interact with would help me if I was in need.
59494	When I share my knowledge and information through my blog  I expect some other bloggers to respond when I am in need.
59495	I maintain close social relationships with other bloggers.
59496	I spend a lot of time interacting with other bloggers.
59497	I know other bloggers on a personal level.
59498	I have frequent communication with other bloggers.
59499	I frequently visit other blogs to get information and knowledge.
59500	I frequently leave my feedback/comments on other blogs.
59501	I spend some time on my blog to update new information.
59502	I update my blogs regularly.
59503	I frequently share my experience or knowledge with other bloggers.
59504	I provide my knowledge and useful information at the request of other bloggers.
59505	I share my knowledge from my education or training with other bloggers.
59506	I post useful documents or files on my blog to share with other bloggers.
59507	To what extent did the software team actually incorporate requirement changes in system scope.
59508	To what extent did the software team actually incorporate requirement changes in system input data.
59509	To what extent did the software team actually incorporate requirement changes in system output data.
59510	To what extent did the software team actually incorporate requirement changes in business rules/processes.
59511	To what extent did the software team actually incorporate requirement changes in data structure.
59512	To what extent did the software team actually incorporate requirement changes in user interface.
59513	How much additional effort was required by the software team to incorporate system scope.
59514	How much additional effort was required by the software team to incorporate system input data.
59515	How much additional effort was required by the software team to incorporate system output data.
59516	How much additional effort was required by the software team to incorporate business rules/processes.
59517	How much additional effort was required by the software team to incorporate data structure.
59518	How much additional effort was required by the software team to incorporate user interface.
59519	The project team was allowed to freely choose tools and technologies.
59520	The project team had control over what they were supposed to accomplish.
59521	The project team was granted autonomy on how to handle user requirement changes.
59522	The project team was free to assign personnel to the project.
59523	The members of the project team were from different areas of expertise.
59524	The members of the project team had skills that complemented each other.
59525	The members of the project team had a variety of different experiences.
59526	The members of the project team varied in functional backgrounds.
59527	The software delivered by the project achieved its functional goals.
59528	The software delivered by the project met end-user requirements.
59529	The capabilities of the software fit end-user needs.
59530	The software met technical requirements.
59531	The project was completed late according to the original schedule.
59532	The project was completed over budget according to the original budget.
59533	What are your opinions about the statement that ‘X backpacks stand up well to heavy use in outdoor travel’?
59534	What are your opinions about the statement that ‘X backpacks are stylish’?
59535	I am extremely skilled at using Internet search engines.
59536	I consider myself knowledgeable about good search engine use techniques.
59537	I know somewhat more than most users about using Internet search engines.
59538	I know how to find what I am looking for using Internet search engines.
59539	Compared to other things that I do on the web (e.g.  email  chat  etc.)  I’m very skillful at using Internet search engines.
59540	Compared to others skills that I have (e.g.  sports  cooking  singing)  I’m very skillful at using Internet search engines.
59541	What are your opinions about the statement that ‘hotel X in Chiang Mai  Thailand is a luxurious hotel property’?
59542	What are your opinions about the statement that ‘hotel X in Chiang Mai  Thailand is a friendly hotel’?
59543	When it comes to a shared approach to problem solving my perceived service level is low—high.
59544	When it comes to customer-specific trainings and courses my perceived service level is low—high.
59545	When it comes to understanding our business goals and processes my perceived service level is low—high.
59546	When it comes to a good personal relationship my perceived service level is low—high.
59547	When it comes to an aligned working style (e.g.  convenient operating hours) my perceived service level is low—high.
59548	When it comes to having the knowledge to answer customers’ questions my perceived service level is low—high.
59549	When it comes to the cultural fit between SaaS provider and our company my perceived service level is low—high.
59550	When it comes to support that is tailored to our individual needs my perceived service level is low—high.
59551	When it comes to having the customer’s best interest at heart my perceived service level is low—high.
59552	When it comes to a shared approach to problem solving my desired service level is low—high.
59553	When it comes to customer-specific trainings and courses my desired service level is low—high.
59554	When it comes to understanding our business goals and processes my desired service level is low—high.
59555	When it comes to a good personal relationship my desired service level is low—high.
59556	When it comes to an aligned working style (e.g.  convenient operating hours) my desired service level is low—high.
59557	When it comes to having the knowledge to answer customers’ questions my desired service level is low—high.
59558	When it comes to the cultural fit between SaaS provider and our company my desired service level is low—high.
59559	When it comes to support that is tailored to our individual needs my desired service level is low—high.
59560	When it comes to having the customer’s best interest at heart my desired service level is low—high.
59561	When it comes to a shared approach to problem solving my perceived service level is low—high.
59562	When it comes to customer-specific trainings and courses my perceived service level is low—high.
59563	When it comes to understanding our business goals and processes my perceived service level is low—high.
59564	When it comes to a good personal relationship my perceived service level is low—high.
59565	When it comes to an aligned working style (e.g.  convenient operating hours) my perceived service level is low—high.
59566	When it comes to having the knowledge to answer customers’ questions my perceived service level is low—high.
59567	When it comes to the cultural fit between SaaS provider and our company my perceived service level is low—high.
59568	When it comes to support that is tailored to our individual needs my perceived service level is low—high.
59569	When it comes to having the customer’s best interest at heart my perceived service level is low—high.
59570	When it comes to system availability/uptime for business (e.g.  system crash or freeze) my perceived service level is low—high.
59571	When it comes to network performance my perceived service level is low—high.
59572	When it comes to efficient disaster recovery my perceived service level is low—high.
59573	When it comes to efficient contingency and replacement policy my perceived service level is low—high.
59574	When it comes to hardware and software redundancy my perceived service level is low—high.
59575	When it comes to an adequate number of service personnel dedicated to our company my perceived service level is low—high.
59576	When it comes to the support of up-to-date  cutting-edge hardware  software  and netware technology my perceived service level is low—high.
59577	When it comes to (technical) support availability (i.e.  the promptness of providing services) my perceived service level is low—high.
59578	When it comes to (multichannel) customer care (i.e.  the SaaS provider’s willingness to help users) my perceived service level is low—high.
59579	When it comes to system availability/uptime for business (e.g.  system crash or freeze) my desired service level is low—high.
59580	When it comes to network performance my desired service level is low—high.
59581	When it comes to efficient disaster recovery my desired service level is low—high.
59582	When it comes to efficient contingency and replacement policy my desired service level is low—high.
59583	When it comes to hardware and software redundancy my desired service level is low—high.
59584	When it comes to an adequate number of service personnel dedicated to our company my desired service level is low—high.
59585	When it comes to the support of up-to-date  cutting-edge hardware  software  and netware technology my desired service level is low—high.
59586	When it comes to (technical) support availability (i.e.  the promptness of providing services) my desired service level is low—high.
59587	When it comes to (multichannel) customer care (i.e.  the SaaS provider’s willingness to help users) my desired service level is low—high.
59588	When it comes to system availability/uptime for business (e.g.  system crash or freeze) my perceived service level is low—high.
59589	When it comes to network performance my perceived service level is low—high.
59590	When it comes to efficient disaster recovery my perceived service level is low—high.
59591	When it comes to efficient contingency and replacement policy my perceived service level is low—high.
59592	When it comes to hardware and software redundancy my perceived service level is low—high.
59593	When it comes to an adequate number of service personnel dedicated to our company my perceived service level is low—high.
59594	When it comes to the support of up-to-date  cutting-edge hardware  software  and netware technology my perceived service level is low—high.
59595	When it comes to (technical) support availability (i.e.  the promptness of providing services) my perceived service level is low—high.
59596	When it comes to (multichannel) customer care (i.e.  the SaaS provider’s willingness to help users) my perceived service level is low—high.) C IND
59597	When it comes to providing services at the promised time my perceived service level is low—high.
59598	When it comes to performing services right the first time my perceived service level is low—high.
59599	When it comes to fulfilling the obligations to the contract (including SLAs) my perceived service level is low—high.
59600	When it comes to user problems  our SaaS provider shows a sincere interest in solving them reliably my perceived service level is low—high.
59601	When it comes to the provision of error-free services and accurate budgetary controls my perceived service level is low—high.
59602	When it comes to providing services at the promised time my desired service level is low—high.
59603	When it comes to performing services right the first time my desired service level is low—high.
59604	When it comes to fulfilling the obligations to the contract (including SLAs) my desired service level is low—high.
59605	When it comes to user problems  our SaaS provider shows a sincere interest in solving them reliably my desired service level is low—high.
59606	When it comes to the provision of error-free services and accurate budgetary controls my desired service level is low—high.
59607	When it comes to providing services at the promised time my perceived service level is low—high.
59608	When it comes to performing services right the first time my perceived service level is low—high.
59609	When it comes to fulfilling the obligations to the contract (including SLAs) my perceived service level is low—high.
59610	When it comes to user problems  our SaaS provider shows a sincere interest in solving them reliably my perceived service level is low—high.
59611	When it comes to the provision of error-free services and accurate budgetary controls my perceived service level is low—high.
59612	When it comes to the integration and interoperability of the SaaS application with our information and communications technology infrastructure my minimum service level is low—high.
59613	When it comes to application scalability (i.e.  number of user subscriptions) my minimum service level is low—high.
59614	When it comes to modularity of features from which can be chosen (i.e.  packaging choices) my minimum service level is low—high.
59615	When it comes to having access to the latest software versions my minimum service level is low—high.
59616	When it comes to modifying contractual parameters at later stages my minimum service level is low—high.
59617	When it comes to choices of ways to pay (e.g.  payment/billing options) my minimum service level is low—high.
59618	When it comes to the integration and interoperability of the SaaS application with our information and communications technology infrastructure my desired service level is low—high.
59619	When it comes to application scalability (i.e.  number of user subscriptions) my desired service level is low—high.
59620	When it comes to modularity of features from which can be chosen (i.e.  packaging choices) my desired service level is low—high.
59621	When it comes to having access to the latest software versions my desired service level is low—high.
59622	When it comes to modifying contractual parameters at later stages my desired service level is low—high.
59623	When it comes to choices of ways to pay (e.g.  payment/billing options) my desired service level is low—high.
59624	When it comes to the integration and interoperability of the SaaS application with our information and communications technology infrastructure my perceived service level is low—high.
59625	When it comes to application scalability (i.e.  number of user subscriptions) my perceived service level is low—high.
59626	When it comes to modularity of features from which can be chosen (i.e.  packaging choices) my perceived service level is low—high.
59627	When it comes to having access to the latest software versions my perceived service level is low—high.
59628	When it comes to modifying contractual parameters at later stages my perceived service level is low—high.
59629	When it comes to choices of ways to pay (e.g.  payment/billing options) my perceived service level is low—high.
59630	When it comes to a visually appealing and sympathetic user interface my minimum service level is low—high.
59631	When it comes to a user-friendly navigation structure and search functionality my minimum service level is low—high.
59632	When it comes to data reporting and extracting features my minimum service level is low—high.
59633	When it comes to the SaaS application’s configuration (e.g.  user administration  etc.) features my minimum service level is low—high.
59634	When it comes to the SaaS application’s help functionalities my minimum service level is low—high.
59635	When it comes to the dashboard features with metrics measuring customers service usage my minimum service level is low—high.
59636	When it comes to the SaaS application’s core features to support process steps/activities my minimum service level is low—high.
59637	When it comes to a visually appealing and sympathetic user interface my desired service level is low—high.
59638	When it comes to a user-friendly navigation structure and search functionality my desired service level is low—high.
59639	When it comes to data reporting and extracting features my desired service level is low—high.
59640	When it comes to the SaaS application’s configuration (e.g.  user administration  etc.) features my desired service level is low—high.
59641	When it comes to the SaaS application’s help functionalities my desired service level is low—high.
59642	When it comes to the dashboard features with metrics measuring customers service usage my desired service level is low—high.
59643	When it comes to the SaaS application’s core features to support process steps/activities my desired service level is low—high.
59644	When it comes to a visually appealing and sympathetic user interface my perceived service level is low—high.
59645	When it comes to a user-friendly navigation structure and search functionality my perceived service level is low—high.
59646	When it comes to data reporting and extracting features my perceived service level is low—high.
59647	When it comes to the SaaS application’s configuration (e.g.  user administration  etc.) features my perceived service level is low—high.
59648	When it comes to the SaaS application’s help functionalities my perceived service level is low—high.
59649	When it comes to the dashboard features with metrics measuring customers service usage my perceived service level is low—high.
59650	When it comes to the SaaS application’s core features to support process steps/activities my perceived service level is low—high.
59651	Full set: When it comes to data backup and recovery my minimum service level is low—high.
59652	When it comes to regular security audits my minimum service level is low—high.
59653	When it comes to providing a secure physical environment (i.e.  secure data center) my minimum service level is low—high.
59654	When it comes to anti-virus protection my minimum service level is low—high.
59655	When it comes to data encryption my minimum service level is low—high.
59656	When it comes to data confidentiality my minimum service level is low—high.
59657	When it comes to data backup and recovery my minimum service level is low—high.
59658	When it comes to regular security audits my minimum service level is low—high.
59659	When it comes to providing a secure physical environment (i.e.  secure data center) my minimum service level is low—high.
59660	When it comes to anti-virus protection my minimum service level is low—high.
59661	When it comes to data encryption my minimum service level is low—high.
59662	When it comes to data confidentiality my minimum service level is low—high.
59663	When it comes to data backup and recovery my minimum service level is low—high.
59664	When it comes to regular security audits my minimum service level is low—high.
59665	When it comes to providing a secure physical environment (i.e.  secure data center) my minimum service level is low—high.
59666	When it comes to anti-virus protection my minimum service level is low—high.
59667	When it comes to data encryption my minimum service level is low—high.
59668	When it comes to data confidentiality my minimum service level is low—high.
59669	We intend to continue using the SaaS-based software delivery model rather than discontinue its use.
59670	Our intentions are to continue using the SaaS-based software delivery model than use any alternative means (e.g.  onpremise solutions).
59671	If I could  I would like to discontinue the use of the SaaS-based software delivery model.
59672	How do you feel about your overall experience of using the SaaS-based software delivery model? Very dissatisfied/very satisfied.
59673	How do you feel about your overall experience of using the SaaS-based software delivery model? Very displeased/very pleased.
59674	How do you feel about your overall experience of using the SaaSbased software delivery model? Very frustrated/very contented.
59675	How do you feel about your overall experience of using the SaaS-based software delivery model? Absolutely terrible/absolutely delighted.
59676	Using the SaaS-based software delivery model (compared to other ones) improves our performance in managing our  functions/processes.
59677	Using the SaaS-based software delivery model (compared to other ones) increases our productivity in managing our functions/processes.
59678	Using the SaaS-based software delivery model (compared  to other ones) enhances our effectiveness in managing our functions/processes.
59679	Overall  the SaaS-based software delivery model (compared to other ones) is useful in supporting our functions/processes.
59680	Seller is likely to care about my well-being during this transaction.
59681	Seller will keep my best interests in mind during this transaction.
59682	f there is a problem with this auction.
59683	Seller will go out on a limb for me.
59684	Seller is likely to make sacrifices for me during this auction  if needed.
59685	[Seller] has the expertise to understand my needs and preferences.
59686	[Seller] has the ability to successfully undertake this auction.
59687	[Seller] will deliver this product according to the posted delivery terms.
59688	[Seller] is likely to be credible during this transaction.
59689	I feel cautious about characterizing this seller as honest.
59690	I am skeptical that seller is competent in sending this product on time.
59691	I am worried that seller would not be truthful in its dealings with me.
59692	It is uncertain whether seller would keep its promises and commitments.
59693	I suspect seller is interested in just its own well-being  not mine.
59694	Seller is likely to engage in a harmful behavior toward me.
59695	I believe seller will perform this auction in a fraudulent way.
59696	I am doubtful that this seller would act in my best interests.
59697	IT applications within our firm are linked to a centralized database.
59698	A data warehouse is maintained to facilitate electronic information sharing within our firm.
59699	Electronic information shared within our firm is accurate.
59700	Electronic information shared within our firm is timely.
59701	Our IT infrastructure is capable of meeting our current business needs.
59702	We have formal procedures to manage our IT infrastructure.
59703	We exchange information with our trading partners electronically.
59704	We work with our trading partners electronically on cross organizational business activities (e.g.  coordinating the flow of goods in our supply chain).
59705	Electronic information shared between our firm and trading partners is accurate.
59706	Electronic information shared between our firm and trading partners is timely.
59707	Electronic information shared between our firm and trading partners is standardized.
59708	Demand for the products of our industry is growing.
59709	Business opportunities (e.g.  government policies increases in market demand) of firms in our industry to expand the markets of their existing products are growing.
59710	Total value of assets of firms in our industry is increasing.
59711	Capital expenditures of firms in our industry are growing.
59712	Available resources for growth (e.g.  new regulation for tax deduction) in our industry are becoming more accessible.
59713	Sales volume in our industry fluctuates a lot from year to year.
59714	It is difficult to foresee the actions of our competitors(e.g.  new product developments).
59715	Public attitudes toward our products are very unpredictable.
59716	Our firm interacts with a large number of different organizations in the production of our products.
59717	Our firm requires input from many different kinds of suppliers.
59718	Actions of our major suppliers (e.g.  new product launch price adjustments) change frequently.
59719	Our firm frequently upgrades its technology to keep up with the competition.
59720	We see the following benefits to our firm by using information technology to manage our supply chain activities:Orders from our customers are fulfilled in a short lead time.
59721	We see the following benefits to our firm by using information technology to manage our supply chain activities:Deliveries to our customers are fulfilled as scheduled.
59722	We see the following benefits to our firm by using information technology to manage our supply chain activities:We are able to change orders according to our customers’ requests on short notice.
59723	We see the following benefits to our firm by using information technology to manage our supply chain activities:We make few errors in replenishment for our customers.
59724	I like MovieLens as a whole.
59725	I intend to visit MovieLens in the future.
59726	I would recommend MovieLens to my friends.
59727	MovieLens is important to me.
59728	MovieLens is very useful to me.
59729	I identify with the [group name] group.
59730	feel connected to [group name].
59731	I feel I am a typical member of [group name].
59732	I would like to be friends with [member name].
59733	I am interested in learning more about [member name].
59734	I would like to interact with [member name] in the future.
59735	I am very dissatisfied/very satisfied with the use of the customer relationship management.
59736	I am very displeased/very pleased to use the customer relationship management.
59737	It is absolutely terrible/absolutely delightful to use the customer relationship management.
59738	Using the [system] will be a bad - good idea.
59739	The [system] will make work more interesting.
59740	Working with the [system] will be fun.
59741	I would like working with the [system].
59742	I intend to continue using the [system].
59743	I predict I would continue using the [system].
59744	I plan to continue using the [system].
59745	I would find the [system] useful in my job.
59746	Using the [system] in my job would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
59747	Using the [system] would increase my productivity.
59748	Using the [system] would improve my job performance.
59749	I know which team members have expertise in specific areas.
59750	The specialized knowledge of several different team members is needed to complete the task.
59751	Different team members are responsible for expertise in different areas.
59752	Each team member has specialized knowledge of some aspect of the task.
59753	If you were to join this team  and based only on the information provided above  I would be comfortable accepting procedural suggestions from other team  members.
59754	If you were to join this team  and based only on the information provided above  I would not have much faith in team members’ “expertise.”
59755	If you were to join this team  and based only on the information provided above  When team members would give information  I would want to double-check  it for myself.
59756	If you were to join this team  and based only on the information provided above  I would trust that team members’ knowledge about the task is credible.
59757	If you were to join this team  and based only on the information provided above  I would be confident relying on the information that team members bring to  the discussion.
59759	I expect this team to work together in a well-coordinated fashion.
59760	I expect this team to have very few misunderstandings about what to do.
59761	I expect this team to need to backtrack and start over a lot.
59762	I expect this team to accomplish the task smoothly and efficiently.
59763	I expect that there will be much confusion about how this team would accomplish the task.
59764	Our company’ IT infrastructure is better than competitors’ in linking to any other components inside and outside the organizational environment.
59765	Our company’ IT infrastructure is better than competitors’ in sharing any type of information across any technology components.
59766	Our company’ IT infrastructure is better than competitors’ in adding  modifying  and removing the modules of business applications with little or no widespread effects on the applications collectively.
59767	Our company’ IT infrastructure is better than competitors’ in  retrieving and flowing data between authorized personnel in an organization or between organizations regardless of the underlying database standards utilized.
59768	Our IT personnel are very capable in terms of planning  organizing  and leading projects.
59769	Our IT personnel are very capable in terms of planning and executing work in a collective environment.
59770	Our IT personnel are very capable in terms of teaching others.
59771	Our IT personnel work closely with customers and maintain productive user/client relationships.
59772	Over the past 3 years  our financial performance has been outstanding.
59773	Over the past 3 years  our financial performance has exceeded our competitors’.
59774	Over the past 3 years  our sales growth has been outstanding.
59775	Over the past 3 years  we have been more profitable than our competitors.
59776	New information technologies have dramatically increased our productivity.
59777	New information technologies have improved our competitive position.
59778	New information technologies have dramatically increased our sales.
59779	New information technologies have dramatically increased our profitability.
59783	Our company’ is better than competitors in connecting (e.g.  communication and information sharing) parties within a business process.
59784	Our company’ is better than competitors in reducing cost and human labor within a business process.
59785	Our company’ is better than competitors in bringing complex analytical methods to bear on a business process.
59786	Our company’ is better than competitors in bringing detailed information into a business process.
59787	We continuously examine the innovative opportunities for the strategic use of IT.
59788	We enforce adequate plans for the introduction and utilization of IT.
59789	We perform IT planning processes in systematic and formalized ways.
59790	We frequently adjust IT plans to better adapt to changing conditions.
59791	In our organization  IS and line people meet frequently to discuss important issues both formally and informally.
59792	In our organization  IS people and line people from various departments frequently attend cross-functional meetings.
59793	In our organization  IS and line people coordinate their efforts harmoniously.
59794	In our organization  information is widely shared between IS and line people so that those who make decisions or perform jobs have access to all available know-how.
59795	In the study  it generally took me a lot of processing efforts to figure out how to find a target page/content on the web site.
59796	I needed a lot of thinking when deciding how to navigate from a current  page toward the target page/content on the web site.
59797	In general  I spent a lot of cognitive effort to find a target page/content on the web site.
59798	Generally speaking  my navigating the web site to locate a target page/content was cognitively demanding.
59799	Overall  I incurred a significant cognitive load when trying to find a target page/content on the web site.
59800	Our organization has strong relationships with leading technology vendors.
59801	Our organization has strong relationships with the clients who are the leaders in applying cutting edge technology in their industries.
59802	Our organization has strong relationships with leading research universities.
59803	We are often one of the first in our industry to detect technological developments that might potentially affect our business.
59804	We actively monitor technological changes in the environment that are likely to affect our business.
59805	We are often slow to detect changes in technologies that might affect our business.
59806	We periodically review the likely effect of changes in technology on our business.
59807	We have several experimental technology projects.
59808	We often try out new technologies to build our systems/applications.
59809	We have several future oriented strategic alliances.
59810	Our organization is considered to be a leader in adopting new technologies.
59811	We often try out new processes to build our systems/applications.
59812	Satisfying the needs of our major customers (internal or external) is an important factor in adopting new technologies.
59813	Some of our major customers demand that we implement new technologies.
59814	Our relationships with our major customers would have suffered if we had not implemented new technologies.
59815	Doctors sometimes or never communicated well.
59816	No  staff did not give patients this information.
59817	Nurses sometimes or never communicated well.
59818	Pain was sometimes or never well controlled.
59819	Patients sometimes or never received help as soon as they wanted.
59820	Room was sometimes or never clean.
59821	Sometimes or never quiet at night.
59822	Staff sometimes or never explained.
59823	These technologies were major improvements over previous technologies.
59824	These technologies were based on revolutionary changes in technology.
59825	These technologies were breakthrough innovations.
59826	These techniques/methods/approaches were major improvements over previous development practices.
59827	These techniques/methods/ approaches have led to development outcomes that were difficult to replace or substitute using older methods/techniques/approaches.
59828	These techniques/methods/ approaches represented major methodological advance (s) within the local contexts in which they were applied.
59829	These applications were major improvements over previous technologies.
59830	These applications were based on revolutionary changes in technology.
59831	These applications were breakthrough innovations.
59832	These applications have led to products that were difficult to replace or substitute using older technologies.
59833	Heart attack patients given aspirin at arrival.
59834	Heart attack patients given aspirin at discharge.
59835	Heart attack patients given beta blocker at arrival.
59836	Heart attack patients given beta blocker at discharge.
59837	Heart attack patients given angiotensin converting enzyme Inhibitor inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blockers for left ventricular systolic dysfunction.
59838	Would you recommend the hospital to family and friends?
59839	In this team  errors are considered a source of learning.
59840	In the team  there is freedom to experiment.
59841	My team makes its lessons learned available to all members.
59842	In my team  individuals revise their thinking as a result of group discussion or information collected.
59843	In the team  we are encouraged to take risks when trying new ideas.
59844	I intend to explore how the (system) can be used for other tasks.
59845	I intend to explore other ways that the(system) may enhance my effectiveness.
59846	I intend to spend time and effort in exploring the (system) for potential applications.
59847	We have created structures and procedures that encourage and expect people to take initiative in improving team performance.
59848	We have created team policies and practices that help individuals use their knowledge and motivation.
59849	Team members provide direction and training to enhance members’ freedom to experiment.
59850	My team recognizes individuals for taking initiative.
59851	The team is the focal point of accountability and responsibility.
59852	In this team  there is room for initiative.
59853	The (system) is adequate for synchronizing tasks with my colleagues.
59854	The (system) is effective for sharing information with my colleagues.
59855	The (system) is effective for managing multiple communications.
59856	The (system) is effective for being readily available while traveling outside my office.
59857	The (system) is effective for tracking and storing communication data.
59858	Quite frankly  I don’t care if I achieve this goal or not.
59859	I am strongly committed to pursuing this goal.
59860	It wouldn’t take much to make me abandon this goal.
59861	I think this goal is a good deal to shoot for.
59862	I am willing to put in a great deal of effort to achieve this goal.
59863	To what degree do you lean toward discontinuing or continuing the project?
59864	How strongly will you recommend to discontinue or continue the project?
59865	In the past three years our productivity has exceeded that of our competitors.
59866	In the past three years our profit rate has exceeded that of our competitors.
59867	In the past three years our ROI (return on investment) has exceeded that of our competitors.
59868	In the past three years our sales revenue has exceeded that of our competitors.
59869	The contract spelled out in detail the vendor’s duties  obligations  and  rewards.
59870	The contract clearly specified the key service-level agreements.
59871	The contract was a comprehensive document in which key exigencies had  already been taken care of.
59872	The contract specified the penalties to which the vendor firm was liable in the event of nonperformance.
59873	The contract meticulously covered the important aspects of the vendor’s  business relationship with the client.
59874	The contract spelled out in detail the vendor’s duties  obligations  and  rewards.
59875	The contract clearly specified the key service-level agreements.
59876	The contract was a comprehensive document in which key exigencies had  already been taken care of.
59877	The contract specified the penalties to which the vendor firm was liable in the event of nonperformance.
59878	The contract meticulously covered the important aspects of the vendor’s  business relationship with the client.
59879	The vendor project team members were aware of the details specified in  the contract with the client.
59880	The vendor referred to the contract for day-to-day operations.
59881	The client expected the vendor to adhere to the contract very closely.
59882	The vendor project team and the client shared helpful information to an  extent beyond that required by formal agreements.
59883	The vendor project team and the client had mutual expectations that each would be flexible and responsive to the requests by the other  even if not  obliged by formal agreements.
59884	The vendor project team and the client understood that each would adjust to changing circumstances  even if not bound to change by formal agreement.
59885	Attainment of project goals.
59886	Quality of the developed application.
59887	Quality of vendor’s service.
59888	Financial performance of the contract.
59889	Cost savings.
59890	Financial performance of the project.
59891	The vendor project team effectively combined information provided by the client with their existing knowledge to better understand the functionality of the developed application.
59892	The vendor project team was able to integrate their existing domain knowledge into the functionality of the application developed for the client.
59893	The vendor project team could clearly see how different pieces of the application developed for the client fit together.
59894	The vendor project team competently blended new project-related knowledge from the client with what they already knew.
59895	The vendor project team could span several of their areas and client’s  expertise to develop shared project concepts for the client.
59896	The client had an extensive documentation that described all the critical  parts of this project.
59897	Training required to perform the client’s project was readily available in  manuals.
59898	Computer banking system (CBS) has allowed me to use my job-related knowledge and skills more effectively.
59899	CBS has increased our bank’s level of customer service.
59900	CBS has improved the consistency of our service.
59901	CBS has increased customer confidence in our bank.
59902	CBS has increased the quality of information we are able to provide to  each other (e.g.  coworkers  supervisors).
59903	CBS has increased the quality of information we are able to provide to our  customers.
59904	CBS has increased the timeliness of information we are able to provide to  each other (e.g.  coworkers  supervisors).
59905	CBS has increased the timeliness of information we are able to provide to  our customers.
59906	I think ISSC keeps commitments.
59907	I think ISSC behaves according to its commitments.
59908	I think ISSC is dependable.
59909	I think ISSC meets its obligations.
59910	In my opinion  ISSC is reliable.
59911	I think people in ISSC keep their promises.
59912	I think that commitments made to our bank will be honored by the people  in ISSC.
59913	I think ISSC lets us down.
59914	Overall  the training I received was the type of training I received on CBS was appropriate for my job at the time.
59915	Overall  the training I received was the amount of training I received on CBS was sufficient for my job at the time.
59916	Before having to use CBS applications  I was able to properly try them out.
59917	I was permitted to use CBS on a trial basis long enough to see what it could do.
59918	I was able to experiment with CBS as necessary.
59919	I had access to the CBS applications for long enough periods to try them out.
59920	The members of the Information System Service Corporation (ISSC) conversion team think I should use computer banking system (CBS).
59921	In general  I want to do what members of the ISSC conversion team  think I should do.
59922	Computer specialists at ISSC think that I should use CBS.
59923	In general  I want to do what the computer specialists at ISSC think I  should do.
59924	In the past three years we have entered new markets more quickly than our competitors.
59925	In the past three years we have introduced new products or services to the market faster than our competitors.
59926	In the past three years our success rate of new products or services has been higher than our competitors.
59927	In the past three years our market share has exceeded that of our competitors.
59928	The use of information systems has improved our ability to new product development.
59929	The use of information systems has reduced our ability to undertake production or service innovation.
59930	The use of information systems has provided support for our business process innovation.
59931	The use of information systems has enriched our marketing techniques.
59932	The use of information systems has weakened our sales ability.
59933	The use of information systems has helped identify potential customer requirements.
59934	The use of information systems has decreased our purchasing cost.
59935	The use of information systems has decreased our inventory cost.
59936	The use of information systems has decreased our customer service cost.
59937	Client company’s senior management is willing to share workload and information with my company .
59938	Client company’s senior management thinks the use of my company’s services is a good way to obtain IT functionality .
59939	Client company’s IT department is willing to share workload and information with my company.
59940	We have strong partnerships with our clients.
59941	The use of information systems has enhanced our responsiveness to customer service requests.
59942	The use of information systems has provided necessary information to customers.
59943	The use of information systems has helped to satisfy customer needs.
59944	The use of information systems has helped to determine customer requirements.
59945	The use of information systems has helped us reengineer business processes.
59946	The use of information systems has enhanced our business process flexibility.
59947	The use of information systems has helped to integrate the firm’s supply chain.
59948	The use of information systems has helped to integrated internal business units.
59949	The use of information systems has decreased the speed of our logistic activities.
59950	The use of information systems has accelerated our research on new products/services.
59951	The use of information systems has increased the speed of our new product development.
59952	The use of information systems has increased the speed of our products/services delivery.
59953	Increased system uptime.
59954	Lower implementation and service costs.
59955	Improved customer service.
59956	IT effects have been considered in our business strategy.
59957	We are able to consciously analyze the potential of IT in enhancing our firm’s competitiveness.
59958	The effects of IT on realizing our business strategy are well understood.
59959	The alignment between business strategy and IT strategy has not been achieved.
59960	We have set different priorities for IT projects in our IT strategy.
59961	Our clients are willing to partner with us to meet their future application outsourcing needs.
59962	We invest in future business application outsourcing needs of the client.
59963	Our firm is able to purchase suitable information systems to meet business needs.
59964	Our firm is able to implement the information systems that meet business needs.
59965	Our firm is able to develop the information systems that meet business needs.
59966	Our firm has poor IT project management skills.
59967	Our firm is able to control cost and scope of IT projects.
59968	Our business staff knows little about the functionality of our IT applications.
59969	Our business staff does not know when to use IT applications.
59970	Our business staff is skillful in using IT applications effectively.
59971	Our business staff knows little about how to use IT applications.
59972	Our business staff understands the value of IT applications.
59973	Our IT function is good at managing contracts with software vendors.
59974	Our IT function cannot effectively manage IT assets.
59975	Our IT function can maintain an efficient budget for IT operations.
59976	Our IT function cannot satisfy business requirements timely.
59977	Our IT function has the competencies to train business staff.
59978	We have enough computers for business use.
59979	The capacity of computer networks in our firm cannot satisfy business needs.
59980	Our software applications adequately meet our business needs.
59981	Our firm’s business data is not sharable across organizational units.
59982	For a typical engagement  how difficult is it to estimate the implementation period?
59983	For a typical engagement  how difficult is it to estimate the personalized service to end users?
59984	For a typical engagement  how difficult is it to estimate the scalability?
59985	For a typical engagement  how difficult is it to estimate the compatibility with standards in client organization?
59986	Our IT personnel have strong skills of systems analysis and design.
59987	Our IT personnel have strong skills of programming.
59988	Our IT personnel are able to solve technical problems quickly.
59989	The skills of our IT personnel are out of date.
59990	We partner with well-known application software vendors to acquire applicationcritical knowledge.
59991	Our IT function is poorly managed.
59992	Our IT function has a complete set of regulations and rules.
59993	The executive of our IT function has strong leadership skills.
59994	Our IT function has ample experiences of IT project implementations.
59995	The top management of our firm is willing to allocate necessary resources to the IT function.
59996	Our business functions have cooperated well with our IT function.
59997	Our business staff resists the use of IT in their job.
59998	Our firm has good relationship with software vendors.
59999	Products or services become obsolete very quickly in our industry.
60000	The product/services technologies change very quickly in our industry.
60001	We can predict what our competitors are going to do next.
60002	We can predict when our products/services demand changes.
60003	Based on the contractual  agreements  our service  provider knows exactly which  expectations have to be fulfilled.
60004	Based on the contractual agreements  our vendor knows exactly which goals we associate with the business process outsourcing project.
60005	Based on the contractual agreements  our service provider knows exactly which outcome we expect from outsourcing.
60006	The service provider received  clear performance targets  through our service-level agreements.
60007	Through our performance measures and targets we were able to make clear what we expect from our service provider.
60008	Overall  we have implemented very detailed and precisely defined service-level agreements.
60009	Our contract enables us to  renegotiate terms at short  notice.
60010	In our contract  it is defined in detail when and how new requirements can be implemented and to which conditions.
60011	It is very costly to change service-level agreements.
60012	Our vendor and we provide each  other with sufficient information  to perform the process.
60013	Our vendor and we effectively exchange information with each other.
60014	Our vendor and we communicate  well with each other and discuss  at eye level.
60015	Trust is a crucial part of our  business relationship.
60016	We can trust our service provider to behave fairly.
60017	Our service provider does not take advantage of the relationship.
60018	Overall  we are satisfied with our  outsourcing project.
60019	Our service level agreements have been fulfilled.
60020	The benefits of outsourcing  outweighed the associated  costs.
60021	We will renew and continue the  outsourcing contract.
60022	Our service provider and we are  able to reach agreement on  most issues.
60023	Our service provider and we  discuss critical issues openminded and solution-focused.
60024	Our service provider and we solve  disagreements to the advantage  of both sides.
60025	Using this type of OPR enables me to find products I want more quickly.
60026	Using this type of OPR enhances my effectiveness in finding suitable products.
60027	If I use this type of OPR  I will increase the quality of my judgments.
60028	Using this type of OPR allows me to accomplish more analysis than would otherwise be possible.
60029	Learning to use this type of OPR would be easy for me.
60030	My interaction with this type of OPR is clear and understandable.
60031	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using this type of OPR.
60032	I find this type of OPR easy to use.
60033	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: Arousal quality
60034	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: intense
60035	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: arousing
60036	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: active
60037	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: alive
60038	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: forceful.
60039	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: inactive.
60040	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: drowsy.
60041	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: idle.
60042	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: lazy.
60043	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: slow.
60044	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: pleasant.
60045	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: nice.
60046	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: pleasing.
60047	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: pretty.
60048	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: beautiful.
60049	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: dissatisfying.
60050	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: displeasing.
60051	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: repulsive.
60052	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: unpleasant.
60053	Please rate how accurately each word describes the OPR you used: uncomfortable.
60054	Compared to other projects at the firm  what was the financial value of this project?
60055	There was a clearly known way to convert client needs into requirements specification.
60056	Established processes could be relied upon to convert client needs into requirements specifications.
60057	There was a clearly known way to develop software that would meet these functional requirements.
60058	There were established procedures and practices that could be relied upon to develop software to meet these requirements.
60059	Systems software was considered to be sophisticated and complex or problematic in the project.
60060	Programming language/applications was considered to be sophisticated and complex or problematic in the project.
60061	Coding and testing aspects was considered to be sophisticated and complex or problematic in the project.
60062	Installation techniques was considered to be sophisticated and complex or problematic in the project.
60063	This type of OPR was competent in recommending (product type).
60064	This type of OPR performed its role of recommending (product type) very effectively.
60065	Overall  this type of OPR supported me to find suitable (product type).
60066	I believe that this type of OPR’s dealings with me were in my best interest.
60067	This type of OPR’s dealings with me felt like it would do its best to help me.
60068	I believe this type of OPR was truthful to me.
60069	I would characterize this type of OPR’s dealings with me as honest.
60070	This type of OPR appeared to be unbiased.
60071	This type of OPR is sincere and genuine.
60072	If you needed to purchase a similar product in the future  how likely is it that you would intend to continue using this type of OPR in the future?
60073	If you needed to purchase a similar product in the future  how likely is it that you would predict your use of this type of OPR to continue in the future?
60074	If you needed to purchase a similar product in the future  how likely is it that you plan to continue using this type of OPR in the future?
60075	If you needed to purchase a similar product in the future  how likely is it that you would continue to pay attention to this type of OPR?
60076	Difficulty to hire trained people for this project.
60077	Shortage of trained people for this project in our company.
60078	Difficulty in providing training to employees in the skills required for this project.
60079	Indicate the level of control over project costs.
60080	Indicate the level of control over project schedule.
60081	Indicate the level of control adherence to audit and control standards.
60082	The IT department in our organization is poorly funded.
60083	Our organization provides the necessary resources for strategic  IT initiatives.
60084	The organization ensures that IT initiatives receive the proper support to be successful.
60085	Our CIO maintains an IT staff with skill sets that meet our current and future technology needs
60086	Our CIO directs efforts to build integrated information systems.
60087	Our CIO is effective in keeping key systems operational.
60088	Our CIO is an effective strategic leader within the organization.
60089	Our CIO is effective as a strategic business planner.
60090	Our CIO is an effective visionary within the organization.
60091	The extent that information technology has contributed to cost savings.
60092	The extent that information technology has contributed to operating efficiency.
60093	The extent that information technology has contributed to process improvement.
60094	The extent that information technology has contributed to return on investment.
60095	The extent that information technology has contributed to sales revenue increase.
60096	The extent that information technology has contributed to market share.
60097	I usually trust people until they give me a reason not to trust them.
60098	I generally give people the benefit of the doubt when I first meet them.
60099	My typical approach is to trust new acquaintances until they prove I should not trust them.
60100	In general  it would be risky to give (my information) to online companies.
60101	There would be high potential for loss associated with giving (my information) to online firms.
60102	There would be too much uncertainty associated with  giving (my information) to online firms.
60103	Providing online firms with (my information) would  involve many unexpected problems.
60104	People are usually out for their own good.
60105	People pretend to care more about one another than  they really do.
60106	Most people inwardly dislike putting themselves out to  help other people.
60107	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
60108	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if someone else had helped me get started.
60109	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the  software was provided.
60110	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if I had just the built-in help for assistance.
60111	I could complete most jobs using an unfamiliar software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
60112	While using Second Life  I finished just the tasks I initially intended to.
60113	I could do what I really needed to do in Second Life.
60114	I accomplished just what I initially wanted to in Second Life.
60115	Compared to other things I could have done  the time spent in Second Life was truly enjoyable.
60116	The use of Second Life gave me pleasure.
60117	While using Second Life  I enjoyed being immersed in the environment.
60118	Overall  how would you describe your relationship with other Second Life users?
60119	I “set up” Second Life to use it the way I want to.
60120	I have adapted Second Life to meet my needs.
60121	I have chosen features offered by Second Life to suit my style of use.
60122	Learning to use the features offered by Second Life site took a lot of time and effort.
60123	There was a lot involved for me to understand Second Life well.
60124	I spent a lot of time and effort to learn how the “system works” in Second Life.
60125	How do you feel about your overall experience with Second Life?
60126	When I am using Second Life  I feel that I am “part of it.”
60127	I feel “emotionally attached” to Second Life.
60128	When I am using Second Life  I feel a strong sense of belonging.
60129	Second Life has a great deal of attraction for me.
60130	It would be too costly for me to leave Second Life.
60131	To stop using Second Life would require considerable personal sacrifice.
60132	To stop using Second Life could result in unexpected hassles.
60133	I am afraid that some problems may occur if I stop using Second Life.
60134	I would lose a lot if I stop using Second Life.
60135	I intend to continue using Second Life rather than discontinue its use in the next few months.
60136	I expect my use of Second Life to continue in the next few months.
60137	If I could  I would like to continue my use of Second Life in the next few months.
60138	In general  how significant or important is your job? That is  are the results of your work likely to significantly affect the lives or well-being of other people?
60139	This job is one where a lot of other people can be affected by how well the work gets done.
60140	The job itself is very significant and important in the broader scheme of things.
60141	To what extent does your job involve doing a “whole” and identifiable piece of work? That is  is the job a complete piece of work that has an obvious beginning and end? Or is it only a small part of the overall piece of work  which is finished by other people or by automatic machines?
60142	The job provides me the chance to completely finish the pieces of work I begin.
60143	The job is arranged so that I can do an entire piece of work from beginning to end.
60144	How much variety is there in your job? That is  to what extent does the job require you to do many different things at work  using a variety of your skills and talents?
60145	The job requires me to use a number of complex or high-level skills.
60146	The job is complex and nonrepetitive.
60147	How much autonomy is there in your job? That is  to what extent does your job permit you to decide on your own how to go about doing the work?
60148	The job gives me considerable opportunity for independence and freedom in how I do the work.
60149	The job gives me a chance to use my personal initiative and judgment in carrying out the work.
60150	o what extend does doing the job itself provide you with information about your work performance? That is  does the actual work itself provide clues about how well you are doing—aside from any “feedback” coworkers or supervisors may provide?
60151	Just doing the work required by the job provides many chances for me to figure out how well I am doing.
60152	After I finish a job  I know whether I performed well.
60153	Overall  I am satisfied with my job.
60154	I would prefer another  more ideal job.
60155	I am satisfied with the important aspects of my job.
60156	What is the chance that you would do what Pekka did in the described scenario?
60157	It is OK to violate the company information security policy if you aren’t sure what the policy is.
60158	It is OK to violate the company information security policy if the policy is not advertised.
60159	It is OK to violate the company information security policy if you don’t understand it.
60160	It is OK to violate the company information security policy if no harm is done.
60161	It is OK to violate the company information security policy if no damage is done to the company.
60162	It is OK to violate the company information security policy if no one gets hurt.
60163	It is not as wrong to violate a company information security policy that is not reasonable.
60164	It is not as wrong to violate a company information security policy that requires too much time to comply with.
60165	It is not as wrong to violate a company information security policy that is too restrictive.
60166	It is all right to violate a company information security policy to get a job done.
60167	It is all right to violate a company information security policy if you get your work done.
60168	It is all right to violate a company information security policy if you complete the task given by management.
60169	It is all right to violate the company information security policy under circumstances where it seems like you have little other choice.
60170	It is all right to violate the company information security policy when you are under a tight deadline.
60171	It is all right to violate the company information security policy when you are in a hurry.
60172	I feel my general adherence to company information security policy compensates for occasionally violating an information security policy.
60173	I feel my good job performance compensates for occasionally violating information security policy.
60174	I feel my hard work in the company compensates for occasionally violating an information security policy.
60175	What is the chance you would receive sanctions if you violated the company information security policy?
60176	What is the chance that you would be formally sanctioned if management learned that you had violated company information security policy?
60177	What is the chance that you would be formally reprimanded if management learned you had violated company information security policy?
60178	How much of a problem would it be if you received severe sanctions if you violated the company information security policy?
60179	How much of a problem would it create in your life if you were formally sanctioned for doing what [the scenario character] did?
60180	How much of a problem would it create in your life if you were formally reprimanded for doing what [the scenario character] did?
60181	How likely is it that you would lose the respect and good opinion of your co-workers for violating the company information security policy?
60182	How likely is it that you would jeopardize your promotion prospects if management learned that you had violated company information security policy?
60183	How likely is it that you would lose the respect and good opinion of your manager  if management learned that you had violated company IT security policies?
60184	How much of a problem would it create in your life if you lost the respect and good opinion of your coworkers for violating the company information security policy?
60185	How much of a problem would it create in your life if you jeopardized your future job promotion prospects for doing what [the scenario character] did?
60186	How much of a problem would it create in your life if you lost the respect of your manager for violating the company information security policy?
60187	How likely is it that you would be ashamed if coworkers knew that you had violated company information security policy?
60188	How likely is it that you would be ashamed if others knew that you had violated the company information security policy?
60189	How likely is it that you would be ashamed if managers knew that you had violated the company information security policy?
60190	How much of a problem would it be if you felt ashamed that co-workers knew you had violated the company information security policy?
60191	How much of a problem would it be if you felt ashamed that others knew you had violated the company information security policy?
60192	How much of a problem would it be if you felt ashamed that managers knew you had violated the company information security policy?
60193	During the task  I did not really feel that I was interacting with people.
60194	The human aspect of other team members was not obvious during the task.
60195	I felt that I was interacting with a computer rather than a human being.
60196	I did not have a feeling of the human aspect of the interaction.
60197	It is unfair to blame an individual group member who had only a small part in the group task if the task was not performed well.
60198	I had limited responsibility for achieving the team’s objective.
60199	I had large responsibility for achieving the team’s objective.
60200	My share of responsibility for achieving the team’s objective was.
60201	If some group members were not performing well  it would be their fault if other members started to withhold their effort.
60202	A group member was not at fault for not doing his or her best when other group members were not exerting enough effort.
60203	If my team did not perform well on the assigned task  other team members should be blamed.
60204	How concerned are you that hackers might...Harm American corporations or the government by breaking into their computers.
60205	How concerned are you that hackers might…Break into home computers and use them to attack computers owned by American corporations or the government.
60206	How concerned are you that hackers might…Break into your home computer and use your e-mail account to send spam to others.
60207	How concerned are you that hackers might…Use home computers to spread a virus over the Internet that harms other computers.
60208	How concerned are you that hackers might…Steal or change data stored on your computer.
60209	How concerned are you that hackers might…Gain access to your personal financial information.
60210	How concerned are you that hackers might…Gain access to your personal health/medical information
60211	How concerned are you that hackers might…Gain access to other personal data (such as family photos  hobby information  shopping preferences and/or school data).
60212	I feel comfortable taking measures to secure my primary home computer.
60213	I feel comfortable taking security measures to limit the threat to other people and the Internet in general.
60214	Taking the necessary security measures is entirely under my control.
60215	I have the resources and the knowledge to take the necessary security measures.
60216	Taking the necessary security measures is easy.
60217	If I adopt security measures on my home computer  I can make a difference in helping to secure the Internet.
60218	The efforts of one person are useless in helping secure the Internet.
60219	Every person can make a difference when it comes to helping to secure the Internet.
60220	There is not much that any one individual can do to help secure the Internet.
60221	Friends who influence my behavior would think that I should take measures to secure my primary home computer.
60222	Significant others who are important to me would think that I should take measures to secure my primary home computer.
60223	My peers would think that I should take security measures on my primary home computer to help secure the Internet.
60224	I believe other people implement security measures on their primary home computers.
60225	I believe the majority of other people take security measures on their primary home computers to help protect the Internet.
60226	I am convinced other people take security measures on their primary home computers.
60227	It is likely that the majority of home computer users take security measures to protect themselves from an attack by hackers.
60228	I intend to use anti-spyware software in the next 3 months.
60229	I predict I will use anti-spyware software in the next 3 month.
60230	I plan to use anti-spyware software in the next 3 months.
60231	The Internet is my network and my data.
60232	I feel a high degree of personal ownership for the Internet.
60233	I sense that the Internet is mine.
60234	People who influence my behavior think that I should use anti-spyware software.
60235	In general  the University has supported using anti-spyware software.
60236	This is my computer and my data.
60237	I feel a high degree of personal ownership for my computer and data.
60238	I sense that this is my computer.
60239	Security measures such as implementing anti-virus software  firewalls  or system updates on your home computer are a good idea.
60240	Taking security measures to protect your home computer is important.
60241	I like the idea of taking security measures to secure my home computer.
60242	I am likely to take security measures on my home computer to protect the Internet.
60243	It is possible that I will take security measures on my home computer to protect the Internet.
60244	I am certain that I will take security measures on my home computer to protect the Internet.
60245	I am likely to take security measures to protect my primary home computer.
60246	It is possible that I will take security measures to protect my primary home computer.
60247	I am certain that I will take security measures to protect my primary home computer.
60248	How frequently have you personally been affected by a security violation?
60249	How much have you heard or read during the last year about security violations (e.g.  threats such as virus attacks and/or unauthorized access to data by hackers)?
60250	Anti-spyware software works for protection.
60251	Anti-spyware software is effective for protection.
60252	When using anti-spyware software  a computer is more likely to be protected.
60253	Anti-spyware software is easy to use.
60254	Anti-spyware software is convenient to use.
60255	I am able to use anti-spyware software without much effort.
60256	If my computer were infected by spyware  it would be severe.
60257	If my computer were infected by spyware  it would be serious.
60258	If my computer were infected by spyware  it would be significant.
60259	My computer is at risk for becoming infected with spyware.
60260	It is likely that my computer will become infected with spyware.
60261	It is possible that my computer will become infected with spyware.
60262	Anti-spyware software makes work more interesting.
60263	Working with anti-spyware software is fun.
60264	I like working with anti-spyware software.
60265	Working with anti-spyware software is enjoyable.
60266	To what extent does your group have a positive orientation toward the tool?
60267	To what extent does your group have a good feeling about the tool?
60268	To what extent does your group consider the tool acceptable for use?
60269	Indicate the extent of attractiveness of using the tool to your group?
60270	To what extent was the tool difficult for your group to use?
60271	To what extent are the features of the tool overly sophisticated?
60272	The webpage makes me feel: stimulated - relaxed.
60273	The webpage makes me feel: calm - excited.
60274	The webpage makes me feel: frenzied - sluggish.
60275	The webpage makes me feel: unaroused - aroused.
60276	The webpage makes me feel: jittery - dull.
60277	The webpage makes me feel: wide-awake - sleepy.
60278	The webpage makes me feel: happy - unhappy.
60279	The webpage makes me feel: annoyed - pleased.
60280	The webpage makes me feel: satisfied - unsatisfied.
60281	The webpage makes me feel: melancholic - contented.
60282	The webpage makes me feel: hopeful - despairing.
60283	The webpage makes me feel: uncomfortable - comfortable.
60284	I would enjoy visiting this website.
60285	I like to spend much time browsing this website.
60286	I would try to leave this website as soon as possible.
60287	I would avoid getting back to this website after I have left it.
60288	I want to avoid exploring or investigating this website
60289	I like this website.
60290	I would avoid any unplanned activity in this website.
60291	I would be satisfied with this website.
60292	I would have a positive attitude toward this website.
60293	Did you find the tool appropriate for the flowcharting task that your group was performing?
60294	Was the flowchart displayed in a readable and understandable format by the tool?
60295	Was the flowchart presented in a readable and useful format by the tool?
60296	Were the flowcharting symbols easily available within the tool?
60297	To what extent was your group convinced about using the above tool?
60298	To what extent is your group committed to the use of the above tool?
60299	To what extent does your group plan to regularly use the above tool?
60300	Using the tool for creating a flowchart is a bad/good idea.
60301	Using the tool for creating a flowchart is a foolish/wise idea.
60302	I like/dislike the idea of using the tool for creating a flowchart (item was recoded).
60303	Using the tool for creating a flowchart is unpleasant/pleasant.
60304	Our team members have specialized knowledge of some aspects of our task.
60305	Our team members are comfortable accepting procedural suggestions from other team members.
60306	Our team members trust that other members’ knowledge about the project is credible.
60307	Our team members are confident of relying on the information that other team members bring to the discussion.
60308	Our team members know each other and have the ability to work together in a well-coordinated fashion.
60309	Our team members have the capability to respond to the task-related problems smoothly and efficiently.
60310	Our team is provided with IT support for collaborative work regardless of time and place.
60311	Our team is provided with IT support for communicating among team members.
60312	Our team is provided with IT support for searching and accessing necessary information.
60313	Our team is provided with IT support for systematic storing.
60314	To what extent did you and the other party disagree over alternatives?
60315	To what extent was the conflict you and the other party experienced directly related to the task?
60316	To what extent did you and the other party debate over some of the alternatives?
60317	To what extent did you and the other party advocate different points of view?
60318	To what extent were the differences you and the other party experienced task-related?
60319	To what extent did you and the other party disagree over alternative solutions proposed?
60320	Our team members share their work reports and official documents with other team members.
60321	Our team members provide their manuals and methodologies for other team members.
60322	Our team members share their experience or know-how from work with other team members.
60323	Our team members apply knowledge learned from experience.
60324	Our team members use knowledge to solve new problems.
60325	Our team members apply knowledge to solve new problems.
60326	The team’s deliverables were of excellent quality.
60327	The team managed time effectively.
60328	The team met important deadlines on time.
60329	To what extent do you feel personally responsible for the correctness of the group solution?
60330	To what extent does the final solution reflect your inputs?
60331	To what extent are you confident that the group solution is correct?
60332	To what extent do you feel committed to the group's solution?
60333	How satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the quality of your group's solution?
60334	How would you describe your group's problem-solving process? Confusing-Understandable (item was recoded).
60335	How would you describe your group's problem-solving process? efficient-inefficient.
60336	How would you describe your group's problem-solving process? Coordinated-Uncoordinated.
60337	How would you describe your group's problem-solving process? Fair-Unfair.
60338	How would you describe your group's problem-solving process? Satisfying-Unsatisfying.
60339	My interaction with MS Word/Visio is clear and understandable.
60340	Interacting with MS Word/Visio did not require too much of my mental effort.
60341	I find MS Word/Visio to be easy to use.
60342	I find it easy to get MS Word/Visio to do what I want it to do.
60343	Using MS Word/Visio improved my performance in creating a flowchart.
60344	Using MS Word/Visio improved my productivity.
60345	Using MS Word/Visio enhanced my effectiveness in creating a flowchart.
60346	I find MS Word/Visio to be useful in creating a flowchart.
60347	Assuming I have access to MS Word/Visio  I intend to use it in the future.
60348	Given that I have access to MS Word/Visio  I predict that I will use it.
60349	Once I’ve come to a conclusion  I’m not likely to change my mind.
60350	I don’t change my mind easily.
60351	If I were to be informed that there’s going to be a significant change regarding the way things are done in my classes  I would probably feel stressed.
60352	When I am informed of a change of plans  I tense up a bit.
60353	When things don’t go according to plans  it stresses me out.
60354	When someone pressures me to change something  I tend to resist it even if I think the change may ultimately benefit me.
60355	I sometimes find myself avoiding changes that I know will be good for me.
60356	I generally consider changes to be a negative thing.
60357	I like to do the same old things rather than try new and different ones.
60358	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
60359	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
60360	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
60361	I could use Google Docs to collaborate/share files with teammates if there was no one around to tell me what to do.
60362	I could use Google Docs to collaborate/share files with teammates if I had never used a system like it before.
60363	I could use Google Docs to collaborate/share files with teammates if I had only the online help for reference.
60364	Whenever I need to collaborate / share files with my teammates  I choose to use [EMAIL] without even being aware of (making) the choice.
60365	Whenever I need to collaborate / share files with my teammates  I unconsciously start using [EMAIL].
60366	Choosing [EMAIL] when I want to collaborate / share files with my teammates is something I do without being aware.
60367	Choosing [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates is something I do unconsciously
60368	I (would) find it difficult to overrule my impulse to use [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60369	I (would) find it difficult to overcome my tendency to use [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60370	It would be difficult to control my tendency to use [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60371	It is [would be] hard to restrain my urge to use [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60372	I do not need to devote a lot of mental effort to deciding that I will use [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60373	Selecting [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates does not involve much thinking.
60374	Choosing [EMAIL] to collaborate / share files with my teammates requires little mental energy.
60375	I have already invested a lot of time in learning to use my current method for collaborating / sharing files with teammates.
60376	I have already invested a lot of time in perfecting my skills at using my current method for collaborating / sharing files with teammates.
60377	Learning how to use Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates would not take much time.
60378	Becoming skillful at using Google Docs to collaborate / share files with teammates would be easy for me.
60379	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates because it would be stressful to change.
60380	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates because I am comfortable doing so.
60381	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates because I enjoy doing so.
60382	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates simply because it is what I have always done.
60383	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates simply because it is part of my normal routine.
60384	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates simply because I’ve done so regularly in the past.
60385	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates even though I know it is not the best way of doing things.
60386	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates even though I know it is not the most efficient way of doing things.
60387	I [will] continue using my existing method for collaborating / sharing files with my teammates even though I know it is not the most effective way to do things.
60388	I would find Google Docs easy to use for collaborating / sharing files with teammates.
60389	Using Google Docs to collaborate / share files with teammates would be clear and understandable.
60390	Using Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates  rather than our current method of collaborating / sharing files  would enhance my group’s effectiveness.
60391	Using Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates  rather than our current method of collaborating / sharing files  would increase my group’s productivity.
60392	Using Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates  rather than our current method of collaborating / sharing files  would improve my group’s performance.
60393	My friends think I should use Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60394	My teammates think I should use Google Docs to collaborate / share files with them.
60395	My professors think I should use Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates.
60396	I intend to use Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates on my future group projects.
60397	I plan to use Google Docs to collaborate / share files with my teammates on my future group projects.
60398	I find mobile Internet useful in my daily life.
60399	Using mobile Internet helps me accomplish things more quickly.
60400	Using mobile Internet increases my productivity.
60401	Learning how to use mobile Internet is easy for me.
60402	My interaction with mobile Internet is clear and understandable.
60403	I find mobile Internet easy to use.
60404	It is easy for me to become skillful at using mobile Internet.
60405	People who are important to me think that I should use mobile Internet.
60406	People who influence my behavior think that I should use mobile Internet.
60407	People whose opinions that I value prefer that I use mobile Internet.
60408	I have the resources necessary to use mobile Internet.
60409	I have the knowledge necessary to use mobile Internet.
60410	Mobile Internet is compatible with other technologies I use
60411	I can get help from others when I have difficulties using mobile Internet.
60412	Using mobile Internet is fun.
60413	Using mobile Internet is enjoyable.
60414	Using mobile Internet is very entertaining.
60415	Mobile Internet is reasonably priced.
60416	Mobile Internet is a good value for the money.
60417	At the current price  mobile Internet provides a good value.
60418	The use of mobile Internet has become a habit for me.
60419	I am addicted to using mobile Internet.
60420	I must use mobile Internet.
60421	I intend to continue using mobile Internet in the future.
60422	I will always try to use mobile Internet in my daily life.
60423	I plan to continue to use mobile Internet frequently.
60424	[System name] led me to perform tasks that I could not do before.
60425	[System name] led me to suggest new procedures for some tasks.
60426	[System name] led me to suggest new ways of doing things.
60427	I asked help to my colleagues on how to use [system name].
60428	I used the online help feature.
60429	I consulted the users’ manual.
60430	I use [System name] to establish priorities.
60431	I use [System name] to delegate some tasks.
60432	I use [System name] to organize my working time.
60433	I use [System name] to distribute work.
60434	I use [System name] to stay current with market trends.
60435	I use [System name] to stay up to date with my Bank’s procedures.
60436	I use [System name] to collect information about our competitors.
60437	[System name] to share information about our competitors.
60438	I use [System name] to share information about our clients.
60439	I use [System name] to negotiate with my clients.
60440	I use [System name] to negotiate interest rates.
60441	I use [System name] to get better conditions for my clients.
60442	I use [System name] to decide on contractual terms for my clients.
60443	I use [System name] to provide people from outside with information regarding the Bank.
60444	I use [System name] to reply to requests for information from people outside the Bank.
60445	I use [System name] to provide clients with information about our products and services.
60446	I was mad and I told everyone exactly what was on my mind.
60447	Sometimes  I have lost it; I slammed doors for example.
60448	I took it out on my family  my friends  and other people.
60449	I sought for moral support from my colleagues.
60450	I talked about it with my spouse or family members.
60451	met with my superior to talk about my concerns.
60452	I told myself that time would take care of it all.
60453	I told myself that there was nothing I could do about it.
60454	I tried not to worry about it.
60455	To what extent is [system name] usage mandatory?
60456	How satisfied are you with [SUPPLIER]?
60457	Compared to your expectations  what score would you give based on your experiences with [SUPPLIER]?
60458	How close would you say [SUPPLIER] comes to the ideal?
60459	Rate how loyal you are to [SUPPLIER].
60460	I am comfortable enough with [SUPPLIER] that I do not seriously consider offers from other companies.
60461	Rate how likely you would be to recommend [SUPPLIER] to your business associates?
60462	Rate the [SUPPLIER] in terms of servicing its information technology applications and hardware that are used for your logistics processes.
60463	Have you had a problem with [SUPPLIER] in the past 12 months?
60464	Being accountable when there is a problem.
60465	Taking care of the problem as quickly as possible.
60466	Doing everything they can to solve issues.
60467	I was intensely absorbed in a filler interface while waiting to see the results.
60468	My attention was focused on a filler interface while I was waiting to see the results.
60469	I concentrated fully on a filler interface while waiting to see the results.
60470	I was deeply immersed in a filler interface while waiting to see the results.
60471	Time appeared to go by very quickly while waiting to see the results.
60472	I lost track of time while waiting to see the results.
60473	I was unconscious of the passage of time while waiting to see the results.
60474	Time seemed to fly while I was waiting to see the results.
60475	While waiting to see the results  I forgot the passage of time.
60476	Waiting for the requested results in the filler interface was:Pleasant.
60477	Waiting for the requested results in the filler interface was: Enjoyable
60478	Waiting for the requested results in the filler interface was: Fun.
60479	Waiting for the requested results in the filler interface was :Exciting.
60480	Your online wait to see the requested results was: Fast
60481	Your online wait to see the requested results was: Speedy
60482	Your online wait to see the requested results was: Quick
60483	My overall experience with the Web site was:Happy
60484	My overall experience with the Web site was:Good
60485	My overall experience with the Web site was:Relaxed
60486	My overall experience with the Web site was:Likeable
60487	My overall experience with the Web site was:Satisfactory
60488	The Web site was effective for achieving the goal of my visit.
60489	The Web site was convenient for attaining the goal of my visit.
60490	I felt comfortable using the Web site to achieve the goal of my visit.
60491	The Web site was helpful for achieving the goal of my visit.
60492	I intend to comply with the requirements of the information security policy of my organization in the future.
60493	I intend to protect information and technology resources according to the requirements of the information security policy of my organization in the future.
60494	I intend to carry out my responsibilities prescribed in the information security policy of my organization when I use information and technology in the future.
60495	If I needed this service in the future  I would probably revisit this Web site.
60496	I would recommend this Web site to others who are interested in this service.
60497	If I needed this service in the future  I would probably try this Web site again.
60498	was intensely absorbed in the waiting while waiting to see the results.
60499	To me  complying with the requirements of the information security policy is unnecessary…necessary.
60500	To me  complying with the requirements of the information security policy is unbeneficial…beneficial.
60501	To me  complying with the requirements of the information security policy is unimportant…important.
60502	To me  complying with the requirements of the information security policy is useless…useful.
60503	Image/text provided in a filler interface was informative to me.
60504	Image/text provided in a filler interface was valuable to me.
60505	Image/text provided in a filler interface did matter to me.
60506	Image/text provided in a filler interface was helpful to me.
60507	Image/text provided in a filler interface was useful to me.
60508	I feel that the image showing in a filler interface is in motion.
60509	I feel that the image showing in a filler interface is moving.
60510	My colleagues think that I should comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60511	My executives think that I should comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60512	My managers think that I should comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60513	I have the necessary skills to fulfill the requirements of the information security policy.
60514	have the necessary knowledge to fulfill the requirements of the information security policy.
60515	I have the necessary competencies to fulfill the requirements of the information security policy.
60516	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in each of the following processes: supplier relations?
60517	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in each of the following processes: production and operations?
60518	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in each of the following processes: product and service enhancement?
60519	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in each of the following processes: marketing and sales?
60520	To what extent is IT used to support critical business activities in each of the following processes: customer relations?
60521	Identify the extent to which these activities have been implemented or enacted by your firm: Critical business activities.
60522	Identify the extent to which these activities have been implemented or enacted by your firm: Forge closer links with suppliers; monitor quality; monitor delivery times; gain leverage over suppliers; negotiate pricing.
60523	Identify the extent to which these activities have been implemented or enacted by your firm: Improve throughput  boost labor productivity  improve flexibility and equipment utilization; streamline operations.
60524	Identify the extent to which these activities have been implemented or enacted by your firm: Embed IT in products; increase pace of development/R&D; monitor design cost; improve quality; support innovation.
60525	Identify the extent to which these activities have been implemented or enacted by your firm: Spot market trends; anticipate customer needs; build market share; improve forecast accuracy; evaluate pricing options.
60526	Identify the extent to which these activities have been implemented or enacted by your firm: Respond to customer needs; provide after-sales service and support; improve distribution; create customer loyalty.
60527	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: help your corporation gain leverage over its suppliers?
60528	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Reduce variance in supplier lead times?
60529	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Help develop close relationships with suppliers?
60530	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Improve monitoring of the quality of products and services from suppliers?
60531	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enable electronic transactions with suppliers?
60532	I know the rules and regulations prescribed by the information security policy of my organization.
60533	I understand the rules and regulations prescribed by the information security policy of my organization.
60534	I know my responsibilities as prescribed in the information security policy to enhance the IS security of my organization.
60535	Overall  I am aware of the potential security threats and their negative consequences.
60536	I have sufficient knowledge about the cost of potential security problems.
60537	I understand the concerns regarding information security and the risks they pose in general.
60538	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Improve production throughput or service volumes?
60539	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Improve operating flexibility?
60540	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enhance utilization of machinery and equipment?
60541	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Improve the productivity of labor?
60542	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Streamline business processes?
60543	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would make me feel content.
60544	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would make me feel satisfied.
60545	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would make me feel accomplished.
60546	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would make me feel fulfilled.
60547	Complying with the requirements if the information security policy would strengthen the security controls over my resources at work.
60548	Complying with the requirements if the information security policy would enhance safety of my resources at work.
60549	Complying with the requirements if the information security policy would improve protection of my resources at work.
60550	Complying with the requirements if the information security policy would eliminate the risk of damage to my resources at work.
60551	Complying with the requirements if the information security policy would prevent potential security related risks concerning my resources at work.
60552	Complying with the requirements if the information security policy would lead to less security related problems associated with my resources at work.
60553	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enhance the value of products and services by embedding IT in them?
60554	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Decrease the cost of designing new products and services?
60555	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Reduce the time-to-market for new products and services?
60556	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enhance product and service quality?
60557	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Support product/service innovation?
60558	My pay raises and/or promotions depend on whether I comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60559	I will receive personal mention in oral or written assessment reports if I comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60560	I will be given monetary or non-monetary rewards if I comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60561	My receiving tangible or intangible rewards are tied to whether I comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60562	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy holds me back from doing my actual work.
60563	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy slows down my response time to my colleagues  customers  managers  etc.
60564	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy hinders my productivity at work.
60565	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy impedes my efficiency at work.
60566	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Help track market response to pricing strategies?
60567	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Increase your ability to anticipate customer needs?
60568	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enable salespeople to increase sales per customer?
60569	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Improve accuracy of sales forecasts?
60570	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enable identification of market trends?
60571	If I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy  my resources will be at risk.
60572	If I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy  my resources will be vulnerable.
60573	If I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy  my resources can be exploited.
60574	If I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy  my resources can be misused.
60575	If I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy  my resources can be comprised.
60576	I will probably be punished or demoted if I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60577	I will receive personal reprimand in oral or written assessment reports if I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60578	I will incur monetary or non-monetary penalties if I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60579	My facing tangible or intangible sanctions is tied to whether I don’t comply with the requirements of the information security policy.
60580	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enhance your ability to provide after-sales service and support?
60581	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Improve product/service distribution?
60582	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enhance flexibility and responsiveness to customer needs?
60583	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enhance your ability to attract and retain customers?
60584	How much impact has IT had on your firm’s performance in each of the following area: Enable you to support customers during the sales process?
60585	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would be favorable to me.
60586	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would result in benefits to me.
60587	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would create advantages for me.
60588	My compliance with the requirements of the information security policy would provide gains to me.
60589	IT should reduce our costs  increase quality  speed  and efficiency.
60590	IT should enhance the effectiveness of our overall performance.
60591	IT should extend our customer  market  and geographic reach.
60592	IT should help us change industry and market practices.
60593	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy is time consuming for me.
60594	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy is burdensome for me.
60595	Complying with the requirements of the information security policy is costly for me.
60596	My noncompliance with the requirements of the information security policy would be harmful to me.
60597	My noncompliance with the requirements of the information security policy would impact me negatively.
60598	My noncompliance with the requirements of the information security policy would create disadvantages for me.
60599	My noncompliance with the requirements of the information security policy would generate losses for me.
60600	If I heard about a new information technology  I would look for ways to experiment with it.
60601	In general  I am hesitant to try out new information technology.
60602	Among my peers  I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
60603	I like to experiment with new information technologies.
60604	During that incident ...I had the resources necessary to change.
60605	During that incident ...I had the knowledge necessary to change.
60606	I played around with features in Microsoft Office.
60607	I used some Office features by trial and error.
60608	I tried new features in Microsoft Office.
60609	I figured out how to use certain Office features.
60610	I substituted features that I used before.
60611	I replaced some Office features with new features.
60612	I used similar features in place of the features at hand.
60613	I generated ideas about combining features in Microsoft Office I was using.
60614	I combined certain features in Microsoft Office.
60615	I used some features in Microsoft Office together for the first time.
60616	I combined features in Microsoft Office with features in other applications to finish a task.
60617	I applied some features in Microsoft Office to tasks that the features are not meant for.
60618	I used some features in Microsoft Office in ways that are not intended by the developer.
60619	The developers of Microsoft Office would probably disagree with how I used some features in Microsoft Office products.
60620	My use of some features in Microsoft Office was likely at odds with its original intent.
60621	I invented new ways of using some features in Microsoft Office.
60622	I created workarounds to overcome system restrictions.
60623	My task changed (e.g.  I had a new task).
60624	The system environment in my organization changed.
60625	Our system was being upgraded.
60626	The peripheral facilities (e.g.  printers  copiers  and scanners) changed in my organization.
60627	I used different versions of Office products.
60628	I saw other people’s use of that feature.
60629	Someone showed me a new feature.
60630	Someone showed me a new way of using a feature I knew.
60631	Some Office features did not work as I thought.
60632	There were discrepancies between what I expected and what I found out in terms of the features in Microsoft Office.
60633	Somebody asked me to use certain features.
60634	I was forced by others to change.
60635	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to produce results (such as issue resolution  case investigation  risk analysis  etc.)
60636	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to manage your time effectively.
60637	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to Meet important deadlines on time.
60638	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to do a good job of meeting your organization’s needs.
60639	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to focus your attention on the most important security issues.
60640	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to be aware of the latest information on security.
60641	How frequently have your experiences of collaborating with others in your personal network to better understand or confront a security threat helped you to be part of coming up with a solution to the problem.
60642	My security responsibilities in my organization require me to talk to staff from other organizations.
60643	My security responsibilities in my organization often involve my sharing information with staff at other organizations.
60644	My security responsibilities in my organization often involve using information and solutions from other organizations.
60645	My employer severely restricts access of other organizations to our technical information.
60646	My employer severely restricts access of other organizations to our marketing plans and  information.
60647	My employer severely restricts access of other organizations to our strategic information.
60648	How frequently do you worry about people in other organizations acquiring too much knowledge?
60649	How frequently do you worry about people in other organizations not sharing necessary knowledge with you?
60650	How frequently do you worry about people in other organizations aggressively protecting some of their knowledge from you?
60651	How frequently do you worry about people in other organizations probing you for valuable knowledge lying outside the scope of your agreement with them?
60652	The extent to which the project development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client’s project needs.
60653	The extent to which the project development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client’s project objectives.
60654	The extent to which the project development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client’s project quality expectations.
60655	The extent to which the project development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client’s project functional requirements.
60656	To what extent have different people been involved in your (collaborative) experiences (within your personal network)?
60657	What percentage of the people in your personal contact list are geographically local (within driving distance)?
60658	The extent to which it was possible to incorporate new requirements and design changes in response to changing client needs during requirements analysis.
60659	The extent to which it was possible to incorporate new requirements and design changes in response to changing client needs during high-level design.
60660	The extent to which it was possible to incorporate new requirements and design changes in response to changing client needs during detailed design.
60661	The extent to which it was possible to incorporate new requirements and design changes in response to changing client needs during development and coding
60662	The extent to which the client placed significant weight on timely project completion.
60663	The extent to which the client placed significant weight on completion within budget.
60664	The extent to which the client placed significant weight on accomplishing project goals.
60665	The extent to which the client expected the vendor to follow an understandable  written sequence of steps toward accomplishing project goals.
60666	The extent to which the client expected the vendor to follow an understandable  written sequence of steps to ensure the system met the client’s requirements.
60667	The extent to which the client expected the vendor to follow an understandable  written sequence of steps to ensure the success of the project.
60668	Based on your personal interactions with the members [of your personal network]  “I have found that each member has highly specialized knowledge of some aspect of security.
60669	Based on your personal interactions with the members [of your personal network]  “I have found that I have a deeper knowledge about a specific aspect of security that few other members have.
60670	Based on your personal interactions with the members [of your personal network]  “I have found that I know which members are the specialists in each security problem I encounter.
60671	The extent to which members from the client firm attempted to be “regular” members of the project team.
60672	The extent to which members from the client firm placed a significant weight on understanding the project team’s goals  values  and norms.
60673	The extent to which members from the client firm actively participated in project meetings to understand the project team’s goals  values  and norms.
60674	What percentage of the people in this network have you collaborated with?
60675	Regarding your community (your network of personal contacts) my unique skills are valued and utilized.
60676	Regarding your community (your network of personal contacts) members are able to bring up problems and tough questions.
60677	Regarding your community (your network of personal contacts) it is difficult to ask other members for help.
60678	Regarding your community we can rely on the other members to abide by our agreements.
60679	Regarding your community there is a high level of trust in the working relationship we have with other members.
60680	Regarding your community I trust that decisions made by members will be beneficial to security in the region.
60681	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Develop several options for interpreting information or responding to a threat.
60682	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Describe problems at both the summary level as well as the detailed level.
60683	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Discuss alternative scenarios for a problem.
60684	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Brainstorm about ideas or possible solutions.
60685	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Describe detailed context of threat information.
60686	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Understand how information changes over time.
60687	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Discuss sources of ideas for handling a threat.
60688	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Discuss how time is affecting information.
60689	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Revisit decisions or interpretations about security issues made earlier.
60690	When you think of discussions you have had with others in your community  how  frequently do the following happen? Discuss source of threat information.
60691	He or she has: almost no - a lot of technical (social) information related to my job.
60692	He or she understands: very little - very well the technical (social) aspects of my job.
60693	The technical (social) information that I have got from him or her is: unhelpful - helpful to my job.
60694	Asking him or her for technical (social) information can help improve our relationship and bring us closer.
60695	Asking him or her for technical (social) information is one way to maintain our relationship.
60696	I consider asking him or her for technical (social) information as one way of acquainting myself to him or her  so that he or she may have a better idea of how I am doing.
60697	Asking him or her for technical (social) information is one way to show that we need each other.
60698	When you need technical (social) information in your job  how much would you prefer asking him or her  compared to other people?
60699	How important is he or she as a source for technical (social) information compared to other people?
60700	When you need technical (social) information  how likely would you be to approach him or her as the first source  compared to other people?
60701	It can be embarrassing to ask him or her for technical (social) information.
60702	I think he or she would think worse of me if I ask him or her for technical (social) information.
60703	When I need technical (social) information  I would be nervous to ask him or her for it.
60704	He or she might think I am incompetent if I ask him or her for technical (social) information.
60705	We continuously try to discover additional needs of our customers of which they are unaware.
60706	We extrapolate key trends to gain insight into what users in a current market will need in the future.
60707	We continuously try to anticipate our customers’ needs even before they are aware of them.
60708	We attempt to develop new ways of looking at customers and their needs.
60709	We sense our customers’ needs even before they are aware of them.
60710	We respond rapidly if something important happens with regard to our customers.
60711	We quickly implement our planned activities with regard to customers.
60712	We quickly react to fundamental changes with regard to our customers.
60713	When we identify a new customer need  we are quick to respond to it.
60714	We are fast to respond to changes in our customers’ product or service needs.
60715	We have IT applications that offer various decision-making tools (such as  optimization  scenario analysis  etc.) for managing our relationships with  customers.
60716	We have IT applications that offer various simulation and what-if analysis tools  for managing our relationships with customers.
60717	We have IT applications that offer various tools that enable us to examine trends  in the data for supporting our interactions with customers.
60718	The activities of functional units are tightly coordinated to ensure better use of our market knowledge.
60719	Functions such as R&D  marketing  and manufacturing are tightly integrated in cross-functional teams in product development processes.
60720	R&D  marketing  and other functions regularly share market information about customers  technologies  and competitors.
60721	There is a high level of cooperation and coordination among functional units in setting the goals and priorities for the organization to ensure effective response to market conditions.
60722	Top management promotes communication and cooperation among R&D  marketing  and manufacturing in market information acquisition and use.
60723	To facilitate operations  our organization’s business procedures and routines are linked with the business procedures and routines of our channel partners.
60724	Our way of doing business is closely linked with our channel partners.
60725	The business procedures and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the business procedures and routines of our channel partners.
60726	Some of our operations are closely connected with the operations of our channel partners.
60727	Our information systems allow us integrated access to all customer-related data (e.g.  service contracts  feedback).
60728	Our information systems allow us integrated access to all order-related data (e.g.  order status  handling requirements).
60729	Our information systems allow us integrated access to all production-related data (e.g.  resource availability  quality).
60730	Our information systems allow us integrated access to all market-related data (e.g.  promotion details  future forecasts).
60731	Data are entered only once to be retrieved by most applications of our channel partners.
60732	We can easily share our data with our channel partners.
60733	We have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the systems of our channel partners.
60734	Most of our software applications work seamlessly across our channel partners.
60735	Over the past six months we have seen substantial loss of sales.
60736	Over the past six months we have experienced significant reductions in our customer base.
60737	Over the past six months we have canceled contracts with suppliers.
60738	Over the past six months we have reduced our employee base.
60739	Over the past six months we have seen budget cuts.
60740	The [text/multimedia tool/pictures] in the online product description helped me adequately evaluate this used car.
60741	The overall online product description helped me adequately evaluate this use car.
60742	I feel that this car has not been thoroughly described to me on the website description.
60743	I am concerned that the website description could not adequately portray this car.
60744	I am certain I could spot all of this car’s defects from the website description.
60745	I feel certain that I have fully understood everything I need to know about this car.
60746	I am concerned that this car will look different in real life from how it looks on the website description.
60747	I am afraid that the manner this car was being driven may negatively affect its future operation.
60748	I am certain that this car will perform as I expect it to perform.
60749	I am afraid that this car’s storage and maintenance may affect its future performance.
60750	I feel that purchasing this car involves a high degree of uncertainty about the car's actual quality.
60751	I am doubtful that this seller has accurately portrayed his or her true characteristics.
60752	I am confident that this seller has truthfully described his or her selling practices.
60753	I feel that this seller may have misrepresented this car in his or her website description.
60754	I am certain that this seller has fully disclosed all car defects.
60755	I am doubtful that this seller will deliver this car as promised in a timely manner.
60756	I am concerned that this seller may renege on our agreement.
60757	I am afraid that this seller may attempt to defraud me.
60758	I am certain that this seller will follow through on all of his or her promises and guarantees.
60759	I feel that dealing with this seller involves a high degree of uncertainty about the seller’s quality.
60760	Using the collaborative system in my job increases my productivity.
60761	Using the collaborative system improves my job performance.
60762	Using the collaborative system enhances my effectiveness on the job.
60763	I ?nd the collaborative system useful in my job.
60764	Learning to operate the collaborative system is easy for me.
60765	I ?nd it easy to get the collaborative system to do what I want it to do.
60766	It is easy for me to become skillful at using the collaborative system.
60767	I ?nd the collaborative system easy to use.
60768	My overall dependency on the collaborative system is: very low - very high.
60769	The reduction of duration in task execution.
60770	Easy execution of tasks.
60771	Improvement of capability in executing tasks.
60772	Our group members were able to reach consensus on how to apply the collaborative system to our task.
60773	Overall  members of our group agreed on how we should use the collaborative system for our work.
60774	There was no con?ict in our group regarding how we should incorporate the collaborative system into our work
60775	Our group reached mutual understanding on how we should use the collaborative system to perform our task.
60776	Our group was able to reach consensus on how we should use the collaborative system to perform our task.
60777	The developers of the collaborative system would disagree with how our group used the system.
60778	Our group probably used the collaborative system improperly.
60779	The original developers of the collaborative system would view our group’s use of the system as inappropriate.
60780	Our group failed to use the collaborative system as it should have been used.
60781	We did not use the collaborative system in the most appropriate fashion.
60782	We have a very open communications environment.
60783	Employees and functional managers are supportive of each other.
60784	Employees at all levels are rewarded for learning new skills.
60785	Management encourages experimental mind-set and risk taking.
60786	New ideas are easy to be implemented.
60787	Our end users are encouraged to try out new technologies.
60788	Our end users are rewarded for using new technologies.
60789	Our end users are consulted before introduction of new technology.
60790	Our end users are involved in technology change and/or implementation.
60791	I am forced by this technology to work much faster.
60792	I am forced by this technology to do more work than I can handle.
60793	I am forced by this technology to work with very tight time schedules.
60794	I am forced to change my work habits to adapt to new technologies.
60795	I have a higher workload because of increased technology complexity.
60796	I spend less time with my family due to this technology.
60797	I have to be in touch with my work even during my vacation due to this technology.
60798	I have to sacrifice my vacation and weekend time to keep current on new technologies.
60799	I feel my personal life is being invaded by this technology.
60800	I do not know enough about this technology to handle my job satisfactorily.
60801	I need a long time to understand and use new technologies.
60802	I do not find enough time to study and upgrade my technology skills.
60803	I find new recruits to this organization know more about computer technology than I do.
60804	I often find it too complex for me to understand and use new technologies.
60805	I feel a constant threat to my job security due to new technologies.
60806	I have to constantly update my skills to avoid being replaced.
60807	I am threatened by co-workers with newer technology skills.
60808	I do not share my knowledge with my co-workers for fear of being replaced.
60809	I feel there is less sharing of knowledge among co-workers for fearing of being replaced.
60810	There are always new developments in the technologies we use in our organization.
60811	There are constant changes in computer software in our organization.
60812	There are constant changes in computer hardware in our organization.
60813	There are frequent upgrades in computer networks in our organization.
60814	The system provides the precise information I need.
60815	The information content meets with my needs.
60816	The system provides reports that seem to be just about exactly what I need.
60817	The system provides me with sufficient information.
60818	I believe (collaboration tool) will be useful for communication.
60819	Using (collaboration tool) will enable me to accomplish work tasks more quickly.
60820	Using the collaboration tool will increase my productivity.
60821	I rate my intensity of use of (collaboration tool) to be: [Very light . . . Very heavy]
60822	How frequently do you use (collaboration tool): [Never . . . Very frequently]
60823	I intend to use the (collaboration tool) in the next 6 months.
60824	I predict I would use the system in the next 6 months.
60825	I plan to use the system in the next 6 months.
60826	Using (collaboration tool) will not require a lot of mental effort.
60827	I believe (collaboration tool) will be easy to use.
60828	Using (collaboration tool) will be easy for me.
60829	People who influence my behavior think that I should use (collaboration tool).
60830	People who are important to me think that I should use (collaboration tool).
60831	The senior management of this business thinks I should use (collaboration tool).
60832	Using (collaboration tool) to interact with others creates a warm environment for communication.
60833	Using (collaboration tool) to interact with others creates a sociable environment for communication.
60834	Using (collaboration tool) to interact with others creates a personal environment for communication.
60835	I have the resources necessary to use (collaboration tool).
60836	I have the knowledge necessary to use (collaboration tool).
60837	A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with difficulties with (collaboration tool).
60838	(Collaboration tool) enables me to quickly reach communication partners.
60839	When I communicate with someone using (collaboration tool)  they usually respond quickly.
60840	When someone communicates with me using (collaboration tool)  I try to respond immediately.
60841	I can easily use (collaboration tool) while participating in other activities.
60842	I can easily communicate using (collaboration tool) while I am doing other things.
60843	I can use (collaboration tool) while performing another task.
60844	My experience with audio conferencing is: [None at all . . . Very extensive]
60845	My experience with video conferencing is: [None at all . . . Very extensive]
60846	My experience with messaging tools (e.g.  MSN messenger) is: [None at all . . . Very extensive]
60847	My experience with technologies similar to (collaboration tool) is: [None at all . . . Very extensive]
60848	I could complete a task using a computer if there was no one around to tell me what to do.
60849	I could complete a task using a computer even if there was not a lot of time to complete it.
60850	I could complete a task using a computer if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
60851	I feel comfortable discussing personal or private issues with co-workers with whom I collaborate.
60852	I feel comfortable using informal communication (such as slang or abbreviations) with co-workers with whom I collaborate.
60853	Overall  I feel that I know my collaborators well.
60854	There isn’t sufficient access to use (collaboration technology).
60855	Using (collaboration tool) is very resource intensive for me.
60856	I am not able to use (collaboration tool) when I need it.
60857	(Collaboration tool) is not compatible with other tools and technologies that I use.
60858	(Collaboration tool) is not compatible with other software that I use.
60859	I have trouble using (collaboration tool) seamlessly with other applications.
60860	My friends think I should use (collaboration tool).
60861	My peers think I should use (collaboration tool).
60862	My co-workers believe I should use (collaboration tool).
60863	I believe the top management would like me to use (collaboration tool).
60864	My supervisor suggests that I use (collaboration tool).
60865	There is pressure from the organization to use (collaboration tool).
60866	I will lose bene?ts of being a long-term customer if I leave my service provider.
60867	By continuing to use the same ISP  I receive certain bene?ts that I would not receive if I switched to a new one.
60868	There are certain bene?ts I would not retain if I were to switch ISPs.
60869	I would lose preferential treatment if I changed ISPs.
60870	I worry that the service offered by other service providers won’t work as well as expected.
60871	I am not sure what the level of service would be if I switched to a new ISP.
60872	If I were to change ISP  the service I receive at the new place could be worse than the service I now receive.
60873	The service from another ISP could be worse than the service I now receive.
60874	I like the public image my service provider has.
60875	I support my service provider as a ?rm.
60876	It is hard to compare the other service providers.
60877	Even when I have the information  comparing my service provider with other service providers is dif?cult.
60878	If I stopped using my current ISP  I would have to search a lot for a new one.
60879	Switching to a new ISP involves a lot of steps.
60880	The process of starting up with a new service is not easy.
60881	The process of switching ISP service is unpleasant.
60882	There are a lot of formalities involved in switching to a new service provider.
60883	Understanding a new service provider well is dif?cult.
60884	It would take time to learn to be as good at using the features of a new service provider  as I am at using my current service.
60885	Even after switching  it would take effort to “get up to speed” with a new service.
60886	Getting used to how another service provider works would be hard.
60887	My current internet service provider is reasonably priced.
60888	My current internet service provider offers value for money.
60889	My current internet service provider is a good service for the price.
60890	My current internet service provider is economical.
60891	I have made signi?cant investments dedicated to my relationship with this service provider.
60892	A lot of energy  time  and effort have gone into getting my current service working.
60893	A lot of time  money and effort have gone into building and maintaining the relationship with this service provider.
60894	I have made changes during the setup of my service  that are speci?c to my current ISP.
60895	If I wanted  I could easily switch to a new internet service provider on my own.
60896	I would be able to use the features of a new internet service provider's Internet service even if there is no one around to show me how to use it.
60897	I would be capable of pro?ciently using the features of a new internet service provider’s Internet service.
60898	In general  I am satis?ed with the services of the ISP I currently use.
60899	Overall  the service of this current ISP comes up to my expectation.
60900	Overall  I am very satis?ed with my relationship with this ISP.
60901	This current internet service provider (ISP) cares about its customers.
60902	This current ISP makes good-faith efforts to address most customer concerns.
60903	This current ISP is honest.
60904	This current ISP is fair in its conduct.
60905	This current ISP is a competent service provider.
60906	This current ISP has the ability to meet most customer needs.
60907	I consider myself to be highly loyal to this internet service provider (ISP).
60908	I am willing “to go to the extra mile” to remain a customer of this ISP.
60909	I feel loyal towards this ISP.
60910	It means a lot to me to continue to use this ISP.
60911	The amount of personal growth and development I get in doing my job.
60912	The feeling of worthwhile accomplishment I get from doing my job.
60913	The amount of independent thought and action I can exercise in my job.
60914	The amount of challenge in my job.
60915	The amount of pay and fringe benefits I receive.
60916	The degree to which I am fairly paid for what I contribute to this organization.
60917	The amount of job security I have.
60918	How secure things look for me in the future of this organization.
60919	The people I talk to and work with on my job.
60920	The chance to get to know other people while I am on the job.
60921	The chance to help other people while at work.
60922	The degree of respect and fair treatment I receive from my boss.
60923	The amount of support and guidance I receive from my supervisor.
60924	The overall quality of the supervision I receive in my work.
60925	I feel certain about how much authority I have.
60926	I have clear  planned goals and objectives for my job.
60927	I know that I have divided my time properly.
60928	I know what my responsibilities are.
60929	I know exactly what is expected of me.
60930	Explanation is clear of what has to be done.
60931	I have to do things that should be done differently.
60932	I receive an assignment without the manpower to complete it.
60933	I have to buck a rule or policy in order to carry out an assignment.
60934	I work with two or more groups who operate quite differently.
60935	I receive incompatible requests from two or more people.
60936	I do things that are apt to be accepted by one person and not accepted by others.
60937	I receive an assignment without adequate resources and materials to execute it.
60938	I work on unnecessary things.
60939	I feel that the number of requests  problems or complaints that I deal with is more than expected.
60940	I feel that the amount of work I do interferes with how well it is done.
60941	I feel busy or rushed.
60942	I feel pressured.
60943	This provider really cares about keeping our firm as its customer.
60944	All things considered  this service provider has put a lot of effort into its relationship with our firm.
60945	Provider routinely takes steps to ensure that our firm remains its customer.
60946	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: customer information sharing across functions.
60947	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: employee coordination across organizational functions.
60948	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: centralized storing of customer account/prospect information.
60949	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: market segmentation.
60950	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: marketing campaign management/execution.
60951	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: list management.
60952	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: lead management.
60953	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: marketing performance analysis.
60954	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: channel management.
60955	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: sales opportunity management.
60956	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: forecasting.
60957	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: territory management.
60958	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: sales team management.
60959	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: account management.
60960	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: sales performance analysis.
60961	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: sales activity planning.
60962	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: service/support case management.
60963	Utilize CRM/SFA tools for: customer case assignment.
60964	Our firm routinely meets or exceeds its financial performance goals.
60965	Our firm is highly profitable.
60966	Our firm consistently meets or exceeds its sales performance goals.
60967	Functional business users routinely contribute a business perspective to IT on managing information security risk to financial reporting and/or financial information systems.
60968	Strategic decisions on information security policies and solutions are largely business-driven;that is  they are based on business objectives  value  or needs.
60969	Internal employees working with financial information have a heightened awareness of policies procedures  and/or the need to ensure integrity of financial reporting for the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
60970	During the past 12 months  functional business users working with financial information have demonstrated a sense of ownership toward protecting the integrity of financial reporting.
60971	Strategic decisions on information security policies and solutions are largely business-driven;that is  they are based on business objectives  value  or needs.
60972	To what extent has there been an improvement  if any  in the definition or implementation ofeach of the following types of controls as part of your company’s Sarbanes-Oxley efforts? : access control for systems users.
60973	To what extent has there been an improvement  if any  in the definition or implementation ofeach of the following types of controls as part of your company’s Sarbanes-Oxley efforts? : segregation of duties for system users.
60974	To what extent has there been an improvement  if any  in the definition or implementation ofeach of the following types of controls as part of your company’s Sarbanes-Oxley efforts? : information security policy.
60975	During the past 12 months  the total number  or the magnitude  of control deficiencies for key controls over financial reporting has decreased.
60976	During the past 12 months  to what degree have there been efficiency improvements made (or are in-progress) to the system of controls  taken as a whole  by redesigning  consolidating  or automating key controls used to manage risk to financial information systems?
60977	The system is accurate.
60978	I am satisfied with the accuracy of the system.
60979	I think the output is presented in a useful format.
60980	The information provided by the system is clear.
60981	The system is user friendly.
60982	The system is easy to use.
60983	I get the information I need in time.
60984	The system provides up-to-date information.
60985	This technology helps to improve the quality of my work.
60986	This technology helps to improve my productivity.
60987	This technology helps me to accomplish more work than would otherwise be possible.
60988	This technology helps me to perform my job better.
60989	This technology helps me to identify innovative ways of doing my job.
60990	This technology helps me to come up with new ideas relating to my job.
60991	This technology helps me to try out innovative ideas.
60992	EHRS increase physicians' control over patient care.
60993	EHRS complement the knowledge of physicians.
60994	EHRS enable physicians to diagnose patient problems more efficiently.
60995	EHRS enhance the quality of care provided to patients.
60996	To what extent would your practice's decision to adopt and implement an EHRS be driven by: Competition (e.g. other practices).
60997	To what extent would your practice's decision to adopt and implement an EHRS be driven by: Hospitals in your area.Medical professionals you interact with.
60998	To what extent would your practice's decision to adopt and implement an EHRS be driven by: Hospitals at which physicians in your practice have admitting privileges.
60999	EHRS strain the physician-patient relationship.
61000	EHRS lower the need for specialized skills for patient care.
61001	EHRS significantly alter the way physicians perform their job.
61002	To what extent would your practice's decision to adopt and implement an EHRS be driven by the federal government. [Not at all...A great deal]
61003	How significant is the influence from county  state and federal governments [Not significant at all...Very significant]
61004	Our staff has extensive experience with using IT (e.g.  the Internet  email  word processing  etc.).
61005	A significant portion of our staff is open to using new technologies.
61006	The introduction of new IT at our practice is usually actively supported by a key person.
61007	We have an adequate number of PCs in our practice to accomplish our tasks.
61008	We have a reliable computer network in our practice.
61009	We frequently use electronic technologies (e.g.  Internet browsers  email  etc.) to accomplish our tasks.
61010	Our patients have easy access to the Internet.
61011	Our patients are comfortable using IT (e.g.  email  Internet).
61012	Our patients are open to using new technologies to manage their healthcare experience.
61013	We can successfully recon?gure our resources to come up with new productive assets.
61014	Given the chance  I predict that I would consider bidding for products from sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions in the future.
61015	It is likely that I will actually bid for products from sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions in the near future.
61016	Given the opportunity  I intend to place a bid in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions.
61017	Sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions are in general reliable.
61018	Sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions are in general honest.
61019	Sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions are in general trustworthy.
61020	There is a considerable risk involved in participating in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions.
61021	There is a high potential for loss involved in participating in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions.
61022	My decision to participate in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions is risky.
61023	I feel con?dent that eBay’s/Amazon’s ratings and feedback mechanism gives accurate information about the auction sellers’ reputation.
61024	A considerable amount of useful feedback information about the transaction history of auction sellers is available through eBay’s/Amazon’s ratings and feedback mechanism.
61025	I believe that the ratings and feedback mechanism in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions is effective.
61026	I believe that the ratings and feedback mechanism in eBay’s/Amazon’s auctions is reliable and dependable.
61027	The escrow method in eBay’s/Amazon’s auction marketplace: guarantees that I will get what I pay for.
61028	The escrow method in eBay’s/Amazon’s auction marketplace: protects me from inappropriate behavior of sellers.
61029	The escrow method in eBay’s/Amazon’s auction marketplace: guarantees that sellers cannot cheat easily.
61030	I believe my credit card company will protect me in case of problematic transactions with sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auction marketplace.
61031	I am con?dent that my credit card payments are safe in case of disputed purchases from sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auction marketplace.
61032	My credit card company will stand by me if problems occur during transactions with sellers in eBay’s/Amazon’s auction marketplace.
61033	My past experiences in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace was positive.
61034	In general  I have been satis?ed with the sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace.
61035	Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace did a good job in the past.
61036	On average  please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of competitive pricing.
61037	On average  please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of timeliness of product delivery.
61038	On average  please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of offering high-quality products.
61039	I usually trust sellers unless they give me a reason not to trust them.
61040	I generally give sellers the bene?t of the doubt.
61041	My typical approach is to trust sellers until they prove I should not trust them.
61042	As an auction host/intermediary  eBay/Amazon can be trusted at all times.
61043	As an auction host/intermediary  eBay/Amazon can be counted on to do what is right.
61044	As an auction host/intermediary  eBay/Amazon has high integrity.
61045	eBay/Amazon is a competent and knowledgeable auction host/intermediary.
61046	Have you already taken one of the following measures to protect yourself against spam? Avoided publishing e-mail on website.
61047	Have you already taken one of the following measures to protect yourself against spam? Avoided transfer of e-mail address.
61048	Have you already taken one of the following measures to protect yourself against spam? Alternative e-mail address was used.
61049	Have you already taken one of the following measures to protect yourself against spam? Uncommon e-mail address was used.
61050	Have you already taken one of the following measures to protect yourself against spam? Requested removal from e-mail lists.
61051	Overall  my organization is very satis?ed with our relationship with this partner.
61052	Compared to other relationships I’ve known or heard about  the relationship with this partner is quite good.
61053	We are happy with our working relationship with this partner.
61054	Our business partner is competent and effective in its interactions with our organization.
61055	Our business partner performs all of its roles very well.
61056	Overall  this business partner is capable and pro?cient.
61057	In general  this business partner is knowledgeable about its industry and business operations.
61058	The degree to which I have clear speci?cation of what the performance requirements are.
61059	The amount of clarity in goals and objectives.
61060	The degree to which I know exactly what is expected of me.
61061	The amount of freedom in deciding the speci?c work/projects I take on or continue to work on.
61062	The amount of ?exibility in choosing the speci?c work/projects I take on or continue to work on.
61063	The extent of opportunities for future growth in responsibilities.
61064	The extent of opportunities for developing skills and competencies.
61065	The extent of emotional support at work (e.g.  coworkers show concern if I am having a bad day).
61066	The degree of social acceptance by the people I work with.
61067	The degree of inclusion in social interactions with coworkers.
61068	Our organization believes that this business partner would act in our best interest.
61069	If our organization required help  this business partner would do its best to provide assistance.
61070	This business partner is interested in our organization’s well-being and not just its own.
61071	The amount of pay.
61072	The salary/wage level.
61073	The degree to which I have a long term employment arrangement.
61074	The extent of job security.
61075	The degree of certainty associated with my employment income from one pay period to the next.
61076	This business partner is truthful in its dealings with our organization.
61077	Our organization would characterize this business partner as being honest.
61078	This business partner keeps its commitments.
61079	This business partner is sincere and genuine.
61080	I am currently searching for an organization other than my organization to work for.
61081	I am actively considering an employment arrangement (at my organization or elsewhere) that would differ from my current arrangement on the characteristics mentioned above.
61082	RosettaNet partner interface processes (PIPs) will improve coordination with our trading partners.
61083	RosettaNet PIPs will increase productivity in our value chain.
61084	RosettaNet PIPs will help us reduce cost in our value chain.
61085	RosettaNet PIPs will improve customer services.
61086	RosettaNet PIPs will reduce error rates in business-to-business transactions.
61087	RosettaNet PIPs will improve information sharing with trading partners.
61088	RosettaNet partner interface processes (PIPs) are compatible with our current ways of doing things.
61089	RosettaNet PIPs will ?t well with our existing work processes.
61090	We have to change our current processes to be compliant with RosettaNet.
61091	RosettaNet PIPs do not contradict with our current business-to-business transactions.
61092	RosettaNet partner interface processes (PIPs) are still going through frequent changes.
61093	We cannot predict the future of RosettaNet as the de facto standards in our industry.
61094	RosettaNet PIPS still require changes to be more ef?cient.
61095	I am not sure if RosettaNet will be the only standard in our industry.
61096	My organization readily accepts innovations based on research results.
61097	Management in my organization actively seeks innovative ideas.
61098	Innovation is readily accepted in this organization.
61099	People are penalized for new ideas that don’t work.
61100	Innovation in this organization is perceived as too risky and is resisted.
61101	Our current systems will support partner interface processes (PIPs) that we need for our business.
61102	We have the IT infrastructure that we need to implement RosettaNet PIPs.
61103	We have in-house expertise to implement RosettaNet PIPs.
61104	What was the dollar value of your company’s sales (or purchase) to (from) this partner last year/what were your company’s annual revenues (or cost of goods sold) last year?
61105	Rate the importance of this partner: (not at all important to very important)
61106	What is the extent of RosettaNet PIP adoption by your ?rm’s partners currently?
61107	What is the extent of RosettaNet PIP adoption by your ?rm’s competitors currently?
61108	What is the extent of pressure from your key partners to adopt RosettaNet PIPs?
61109	The probability that I would consider buying a digital item from Cyworld/Habbo within the next six months is high.
61110	My willingness to buy a digital item from Cyworld/Habbo within the next six months is high.
61111	The likelihood of my purchasing a digital item from Cyworld/Habbo within the next six months is high.
61112	I want to establish a preferred image for myself in Cyworld/Habbo.
61113	I want to present my image in Cyworld/Habbo.
61114	I want to project an image about myself in Cyworld/Habbo.
61115	I want to give a preferred impression about myself to others in Cyworld/Habbo.
61116	I know how to present my image reasonably well on my own in Cyworld/Habbo.
61117	I can decorate my image reasonably well on my own in Cyworld/Habbo.
61118	I know how to create my image reasonably well on my own in Cyworld/Habbo.
61119	Participating in Cyworld/Habbo is one of the most enjoyable things I do.
61120	Participating in Cyworld/Habbo is important to me.
61121	Participating in Cyworld/Habbo is pleasurable to me.
61122	Participating in Cyworld/Habbo means a lot to me.
61123	Many people think it is important to establish their images in Cyworld/Habbo.
61124	The presentation of self image is common among people in Cyworld/Habbo.
61125	Many people think that it is important to manage their images in Cyworld/Habbo.
61126	The information on the Web site is what I need to carryout my tasks.
61127	The Web site adequately meets my information needs.
61128	The information on the Web site is effective.
61129	The Web site allows me to interact with it to receive tailored information.
61130	he Web site has interactive features  which help me accomplish my task.
61131	I can interact with the Web site in order to get information tailored to my specific needs.
61132	The Web site allows transactions on-line.
61133	All my business with the company can be completed via the Web site.
61134	Most business processes can be completed via the Website.
61135	It is easier to use the Web site to complete my business with the company than it is to telephone  fax  or mail are presentative.
61136	The Web site is easier to use than calling an organizational representative agent on the phone.
61137	The Web site is an alternative to calling customer service or sales.
61138	The website works as it is supposed to.
61139	The website is technologically capable of performing online transaction.
61140	Promises made on the website are likely to be reliable.
61141	I am confident in the recommendations on the website.
61142	The website represents a company that has benevolent intentions.
61143	The website represents a well-meaning company.
61144	The Web site is visually pleasing.
61145	The Web site displays a visually pleasing design.
61146	The Web site is visually appealing.
61147	The Web site is innovative.
61148	The Web site design is innovative.
61149	The Web site is creative.
61150	I feel happy when I use the Web site.
61151	I feel cheerful when I use the Web site.
61152	I feel sociable when I use the Web site.
61153	The Web site projects an image consistent with the company’s image.
61154	The Web site fits with my image of the company.
61155	The Web site’s image matches that of the company.
61156	When I use the Web site there is very little waiting time between my actions and the Web site’s response.
61157	The Web site loads quickly.
61158	The Web site takes long to load.
61159	It is likely that I will visit the Web site again.
61160	I would probably visit this Web site if I needed to get information about this product or service.
61161	If I needed this product or service in the future  I would probably revisit this Web site.
61162	We closely coordinate interdependent processes with our suppliers.
61163	The interdependent operating procedures and routines (e.g.  manufacturing  bar coding  packaging  shipping  etc.) are highly visible among our suppliers and us.
61164	Related operating processes are jointly optimized with our suppliers.
61165	Exceptions and errors that occur during daily operations are shared with our suppliers in a timely manner.
61166	In comparison with industry norms  please assess your process capabilities to do the following things in conjunction with your suppliers: rapidly phase out old products and introduce new ones.
61167	In comparison with industry norms  please assess your process capabilities to do the following things in conjunction with your suppliers: rapidly respond to change in demanded product volumes.
61168	In terms of making the required process changes  how easy would it be for your company to do the following: terminate a relationship with a supplier for this product line when the market changes.
61169	n terms of making the required process changes  how easy would it be for your company to do the following: add an eligible new supplier that you want to do business with for this product line.
61170	In terms of making the required process changes  how easy would it be for your company to do the following: replace a current supplier with a new one for this product line.
61171	Our platform easily accesses data from our suppliers’ systems.
61172	Our platform provides seamless connection between our suppliers’ systems and our systems (e.g.  forecasting  production  manufacturing  shipment  etc.).
61173	Our platform has the capability to exchange realtime information with our suppliers.
61174	Our platform easily aggregates relevant information from our suppliers’ databases (e.g.  operating information  business customer performance  and cost information).
61175	Our platform is easily adapted to include new suppliers.
61176	Our platform can be easily extended to accommodate new applications or functions.
61177	Our platform employs standards that are accepted by most current and potential suppliers for this product line.
61178	Our platform consists of modular software components  most of which can be reused in other business applications.
61179	Customer preferences change rapidly for this product market.
61180	There is intense competition for market share in this product market.
61181	Forecasting demand for this product is very dif?cult.
61182	Technological innovations have brought many new product ideas to this product market in the recent past.
61183	My relationship with IS staff: bad-good.
61184	My relationship with IS staff: dissonant-harmonious.
61185	IS employees’ processing of requests for changes to existing systems: untimely-timely.
61186	IS employees’ processing of requests for changes to existing systems: fast-slow.
61187	Attitude of the IS staff to me: negative-positive.
61188	Attitude of the IS staff to me: cooperative-belligerent.
61189	Reliability of output information: high-low.
61190	Reliability of output information: superior-inferior.
61191	Relevance of output information (to intended function): useful-useless.
61192	Relevance of output information (to intended function): relevant-irrelevant.
61193	Accuracy of output information: inaccurate-accurate.
61194	Accuracy of output information: low-high.
61195	Precision of output information: low-high.
61196	Precision of output information: de?nite-uncertain.
61197	Completeness of the output information: suf?cient-insuf?cient.
61198	Completeness of the output information: adequate-inadequate.
61199	Degree of IS training provided to me: complete-incomplete.
61200	Degree of IS training provided to me: low-high.
61201	My understanding of systems: insuf?cient-suf?cient.
61202	My understanding of systems: complete-incomplete.
61203	My feelings of participation: positive-negative.
61204	My feelings of participation: insuf?cient-suf?cient.
61205	IS has up-to-date hardware and software available to me.
61206	IS’s physical facilities are visually appealing to me.
61207	To me  IS’s employees are well dressed and neat in appearance.
61208	To me  the appearance of the physical facilities of there IS units is in keeping with the kind of services provided.
61209	When IS promises to do something for me by a certain time  it does so.
61210	When I have a problem  IS shows a sincere interest in solving it.
61211	To me  IS is dependable.
61212	IS provides its services to me at the times it promises to do so.
61213	To me  IS insists on error-free records.
61214	IS tells me exactly when services will be performed.
61215	IS employees give prompt service to me.
61216	IS employees are always willing to help me.
61217	IS employees are never too busy to respond to my requests.
61218	The behavior of employees instills con?dence in me.
61219	Users will feel safe in my transactions with IS units’ employees.
61220	IS employees are consistently courteous with me.
61221	IS employees have the knowledge to do their job well for me.
61222	IS gives me individual attention.
61223	IS has operating hours convenient to me.
61224	IS has employees who give me personal attention.
61225	IS has my best interests at heart.
61226	Employees of IS understand the speci?c needs of mine.
61227	When interacting with employees in the IS department  we use common terms or jargon.
61228	During the discussion with employees in the IS department  we use understandable communication pattern.
61229	When communicating with employees in the IS department  we use understandable narrative forms.
61230	The relationship is characterized by mutual respect between employees in my department and those in the IS department.
61231	The relationship is characterized by personal friendship between employees in my department and those in the IS department.
61232	The relationship is characterized by mutual trust between employees in my department and those in the IS department.
61233	The relationship is characterized by high reciprocity between employees in my department and those in the IS department.
61234	Employees in my department maintain close social relationships with employees in the IS department.
61235	Employees in my department spend a lot of time interacting with employees in the IS department.
61236	Employees in my department know some employees in the IS department at a personal level.
61237	Employees in my department have frequent communication with employees in the IS department.
61238	I could complete my job using the IRIS-SAP-FI system if there was no one around to tell me what to do.
61239	I could complete my job using the IRIS-SAP-FI system if I had only the training manuals for reference.
61240	I could complete my job using the IRIS-SAP-FI system if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
61241	I could complete my job using the IRIS-SAP-FI system if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
61242	I could complete my job using the IRIS-SAP-FI system if someone else had helped me get started.
61243	I could complete my job using the IRIS-SAP-FI system if I had a lot of time to complete the job.
61244	My interaction with the IRIS-SAP-FI system is clear and understandable.
61245	Interacting with the IRIS-SAP-FI system does not require a lot of my mental effort.
61246	I ?nd it easy to get the IRIS-SAP-FI system to do what I want it to do.
61247	I ?nd the IRIS-SAP-FI system to be easy to use.
61248	To what extent have you been involved in the design of the IRIS-SAP-FI system?
61249	The IRIS-SAP-FI system helps me create new ideas.
61250	The IRIS-SAP-FI system helps me meet client needs.
61251	The IRIS-SAP-FI system allows me to accomplish more work than would otherwise be possible.
61252	The IRIS-SAP-FI system saves my time.
61253	The IRIS-SAP-FI system increases my productivity.
61254	The IRIS-SAP-FI system helps me come up with new ideas.
61255	The IRIS-SAP-FI system helps me try out innovative ideas.
61256	The IRIS-SAP-FI system improves client satisfaction.
61257	To what extent have you been involved in the design of the IRIS-SAP-FI system?
61258	The IRIS-SAP-FI system provides the precise information that I need.
61259	The IRIS-SAP-FI system provides output that is exactly what I need.
61260	The IRIS-SAP-FI system provides me with suf?cient information to do my tasks.
61261	The IRIS-SAP-FI system has errors in the program that I have to work around.
61262	I am satis?ed with the accuracy of the IRIS-SAP-FI system.
61263	The output options (formatting  print type  etc.) of the IRIS-SAP-FI system are suf?cient for my use.
61264	When specifying my preferences for used cars  I felt I was in control.
61265	I think that I had a lot of control over the preference speci?cation process.
61266	The way I indicated my preferences for used cars made me feel I was in control.
61267	Used cars that suit my preferences were recommended by the shopping advisor.
61268	Used cars that best match my needs were provided by the shopping advisor.
61269	Used cars recommended by the shopping advisor did NOT match my needs.
61270	I would choose from the same set of alternatives provided by the shopping advisor in future purchase occasions.
61271	The task of using the shopping advisor to choose a used car took too much time.
61272	Using the shopping advisor to choose a used car required too much effort.
61273	The task of using the shopping advisor to select a used car was easy.
61274	The task of using the shopping advisor to select a used car was too complex.
61275	Which collaborative online shopping experience gave you a stronger feeling that the interaction with your shopping partner was personal?
61276	Which collaborative online shopping experience made you feel warmer with the interaction with your shopping partner?
61277	Which collaborative online shopping experience made you feel that the interaction with your shopping partner was closer?
61278	Which collaborative online shopping experience made you have a feeling that the interaction with your shopping partner was more humanizing?
61279	Which collaborative online shopping experience made you have a less strong feeling that the interaction with your shopping partner was expressive?
61280	Which collaborative online shopping experience gave you a less strong feeling that the interaction with your shopping partner was emotional?
61281	Which collaborative online shopping experience made you feel that the interaction with your shopping partner was more sensitive?
61282	Licensed software is expensive.
61283	The price of licensed software nowadays is cheap.
61284	If I need to buy licensed software  I need to pay a lot.
61285	If I copy software without authorization  the chance of getting punished is very low.
61286	If I copy software without authorization  I would  easily get punished.
61287	To me  unauthorized copying of software is: [Very Unattractive Very Attractive]
61288	To me  unauthorized copying of software is: [Very Harmful Very Beneficial]
61289	To me  unauthorized copying of software is: [Very Foolish Very Wise]
61290	Among the software that I often use  most are copied without authorization.
61291	I often copy the software that I want without authorization.
61292	I have a lot of software that was copied without authorization.
61293	I usually prefer to do things alone.
61294	I really enjoy talking to people.
61295	I like to have a lot of people around me.
61296	I would rather go my own way than be leader of others.
61297	When you have leisure time how often do you choose to spend it with him/her alone?
61298	How often do you keep very personal information to yourself and do not share it with him/her?
61299	How often do you know his/her affections?
61300	If I stopped coming to this site  it would take me a long time to ?nd a site that could replace it.
61301	There are very few other places where I could ?nd the kind of useful content and services that I get from this site.
61302	The content of this site is too valuable for me to stop visiting.
61303	I feel an obligation to continue visiting this site.
61304	I would feel guilty if I stopped visiting the site now.
61305	I keep coming to visit this site because I have a sense of obligation to it.
61306	I visit this site partly out of a sense of duty.
61307	I feel informed about ...What the product looks like.
61308	I feel informed about ...What the product looks like on me.
61309	I feel informed about ...Benefits I might experience.
61310	I feel informed about ...The true nature of the product.
61311	I feel informed about ...The overall quality of the product.
61312	I feel informed about ...Objective characteristics of the product.
61313	I feel informed about ...Experiences that are relevant for my needs.
61314	I feel informed about ...All of the types of experiences I can expect.
61315	I feel informed about ...How my experiences might change over time.
61316	I feel informed about ...What the product is really like to use or consume.
61317	I feel informed about ...The outcomes I can expect to experience in future.
61318	I feel informed about ...The extent to which the product meets my requirements.
61319	I feel informed about ...Ways in which the product will not satisfy my needs.
61320	I feel informed about ...How experiences with this product compare to experiences with other similar products.
61321	I feel like a part of the group at this site.
61322	I have a real emotional attachment to this site.
61323	This site has a great deal of personal meaning for me.
61324	I feel a strong sense of belonging to this site.
61325	I feel a strong connection to this site.
61326	I try to settle disputes between users.
61327	I encourage users not to post messages that are off-topic (i.e.  hijack) from the original thread.
61328	I reprimand other users’ inappropriate behavior.
61329	I would wear [the item] as a form of self-expression.
61330	I would wear [the item] to maintain my current image.
61331	My evaluation of [the item] is based on an image of my ideal self.
61332	I choose [the item] based on the way I would like to see myself.
61333	I choose [the item] based on the way I actually see myself.
61334	For me  [the item] is chosen mainly for practical reasons.
61335	I would wear [the item] as a statement about my personality.
61336	I would choose [the item] based on its suitability for a task or activity.
61337	The specific style of [the item] I would choose has a lot to do with the way I am.
61338	My choice of [the item] is based on what it tells others about me.
61339	The specific style of [the item] I would choose has a lot to do with the image I would like to have.
61340	Making a decision about buying [the item] has a lot to do with how I would likeother people to think about me.
61341	I would find the computer system useful when shopping for [item].
61342	Use of the system can significantly increase the quality of my shopping.
61343	Using the computer system would make me more productive when shopping.
61344	Use of the system can decrease the time needed for important shopping tasks(when shopping for [item]).
61345	Using the computer system when shopping would enable me to evaluate [item]more quickly.
61346	I would recommend this system to others to use when shopping.
61347	Considering all tasks performed when evaluating [item]  my opinion of the general extent to which using this system could assist shopping is...[extremely negative...extremely positive]
61348	Assuming I have access to the shopping advisor  I intend to use it the next time I consider buying a used car.
61349	Assuming I have access to the shopping advisor  I predict I would use it the next time I plan to purchase a used car.
61350	Assuming I have access to the shopping advisor  I plan to use it the next time I consider buying a used car.
61351	I rarely use KMS as a way of acquiring knowledge.
61352	I frequently check in KMS when I need to improve my knowledge on a topic or issue.
61353	When I am working on a challenging problem  I often look in KMS to ?nd solutions to similar problems.
61354	My supervisor encourages me to develop my ideas.
61355	This organization is always moving toward the development of new answers.
61356	People in this organization try new approaches to tasks.
61357	People in this organization use tried-and-true approaches to tasks.
61358	I make most of the decisions that affect the way my job is performed.
61359	I determine my own work procedure.
61360	I schedule my own work activities.
61361	I organize my work as I see best.
61362	Innovativeness is a must in my work.
61363	Most of the time I am quite innovative in solving work problems.
61364	I believe I am usually very creative in my solutions to work problems.
61365	The majority of problems I deal with can be solved by applying previously developed solutions.
61366	When I solve problems I often rely on existing solutions.
61367	I have too much work and too little time to do it.
61368	I feel like I never have a day off.
61369	Many employees at my level get “burned out” by the demands of their jobs in this organization.
61370	Compared with other subjects on my mind  the privacy of my electronic personal health information is very important.
61371	I am concerned about threats to the privacy of my electronically stored personal health information today.
61372	All things considered  I believe the privacy of my electronic personal health information is seriously threatened.
61373	The electronic/digital storage format of health information is a safe environment in which to exchange health information with others.
61374	The digital storage format is a reliable environment in which to conduct health related transactions.
61375	Organizations handle personal health information submitted by patients in an electronic format in a competent fashion.
61376	Using the Internet TV improves my performance for communication and information search.
61377	Using the Internet TV improves my productivity for communication and information search.
61378	Using the Internet TV enhances my effectiveness for communication and information search.
61379	Using the Internet TV is useful for my communication and information search.
61380	Using the Internet TV is enjoyable.
61381	Using the Internet TV is pleasant.
61382	Using the Internet TV is fun.
61383	Right now I feel sad about something that has happened to my health.
61384	I feel disgust for my current state of health.
61385	I have an intense loathing for my present state of health.
61386	I feel furious at my present state of health.
61387	I feel very deep sorrow because of my health.
61388	Right now other things in my life will have to wait.
61389	My current health state is a real inconvenience.
61390	I am extremely displeased with my present health state.
61391	Health problems are tiresome to me.
61392	My present health problems ?ll me with dread.
61393	Recent experience has warned me to be more cautious about my health.
61394	I feel everything needs to be approached with caution right now.
61395	My spirits are high today.
61396	I feel ecstatic about life right now.
61397	I am happy about my health right now.
61398	I usually trust people until they give me a reason not to trust them.
61399	I usually give people the bene?t of the doubt.
61400	My general approach is to trust new acquaintances until they prove I should not trust them.
61401	Helping others is one of the most important aspects of life.
61402	I enjoy working for the welfare of others.
61403	My family tends to do what we can to help those less fortunate than ourselves.
61404	I agree with the old saying  “It is better to give than to receive.”
61405	I have the ability and knowledge to use a keyboard.
61406	I have the ability and knowledge to switch back and forth between the Internet and TV channels.
61407	I have the ability and knowledge to follow a link from a TV channel to an Internet Web page.
61408	I have the ability and knowledge to use a mouse or cursor.
61409	How frequently have you personally been the victim of what you felt was an improper invasion of privacy?
61410	I feel comfortable using the Internet TV on my own.
61411	I can easily operate the Internet TV on my own.
61412	I feel comfortable using the Internet TV even if there is no one around me to tell me how to use it.
61413	How much have you heard or read during the last year about the use and potential misuse of health information collected electronically?
61414	My family thinks that I should use the Internet TV.
61415	My relatives think that I should use the Internet TV.
61416	My friends think that I should use the Internet TV.
61417	People I work with think that I should use the Internet TV.
61418	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they are honest.
61419	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they care about the residents.
61420	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they will not take advantage of me.
61421	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they provide good services.
61422	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they are predictable.
61423	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they are trustworthy.
61424	Based on my experience with the city government in the past  I know they know the city and the residents well.
61425	When s/he tries  s/he generally succeeds.
61426	Overall  is satisfied with him/herself.
61427	Determines what will happen in his/her life.
61428	The person for whom I am completing this survey is popular.
61429	The person for whom I am completing this survey is quite accepted.
61430	The person for whom I am completing this survey is well-known.
61431	The person for whom I am completing this survey is generally admired.
61432	The person for whom I am completing this survey is liked.
61433	The person for whom I am completing this survey is socially visible.
61434	The person for whom I am completing this survey is viewed fondly.
61435	The person for whom I am completing this survey is not popular.
61436	Give up time to help me with work or nonwork problems.
61437	Assist me with my duties.
61438	Go out of the way to make me feel welcome in the work group.
61439	Belittle me.
61440	Try to avoid being in the same location as me.
61441	Treat me rudely
61442	How much do you like this person?
61443	I think this person would make a good friend.
61444	In general  most items on this list match my preferences very well.
61445	In general  most items on this list fit my tastes very well.
61446	In general  most items on this list are interesting to me.
61447	I always know where I can find the products/information I am looking for at Amazon.com’s website.
61448	I visit Amazon.com very often.
61449	I have been to Amazon.com many times.
61450	It was very easy for me to make this purchase decision.
61451	I had no difficulty deciding which item would be best for me.
61452	Making this purchase decision was an easy task for me.
61453	I had no problem locating the items I was interested in at Amazon.com.
61454	It was very easy for me to locate the items I was interested in at Amazon.com.
61455	Locating the items I was interested in at Amazon.com was very easy.
61456	I have picked the items that best fit my taste among all DVDs available at Amazon.com.
61457	I have selected the items I like the most among all DVDs available at Amazon.com.
61458	These two items are my favorite among all DVDs available at Amazon.com.
61459	I will consider Amazon.com the first choice to buy similar products in the future.
61460	I will buy more similar products at Amazon.com in the future.
61461	I will come back to Amazon.com to buy similar products in the future.
61462	The website was very user-friendly.
61463	The website was easy to use.
61464	The website was well organized.
61465	This website had a good selection of DVDs.
61466	This website had a wide variety of DVDs that interest me.
61467	I could find any DVDs I like on this website.
61468	The detailed product information was very helpful.
61469	The detailed product information was very useful.
61470	The detailed product information was very informative.
61471	It is very important for me to pick the right items for myself.
61472	I am very motivated to reach a good purchase decision.
61473	I really want to pick the right items for myself.
61474	The prices charged by Amazon.com for these two items are very reasonable.
61475	Amazon.com is offering a good deal on these two DVD items.
61476	Amazon.com is offering the lowest prices for these two DVD items.
61477	Business-to-business (B2B) markets lower the search efforts to ?nd goods and suppliers.
61478	B2B markets enable convenient electronic order placement.
61479	B2B markets provide adequate logistical support for product delivery.
61480	B2B markets improve ef?ciencies by providing timely information (e.g.  spending reports  tracking).
61481	B2B markets improve our bargaining power vis-à-vis suppliers.
61482	B2B markets lower operating costs (e.g.  inventory and materials costs).
61483	Participating in business-to-business (B2B) markets may increase the uncertainty of product availability  quality  and timeliness.
61484	Participating in B2B markets may disrupt our procurement operations.
61485	Participating in B2B markets may strain relationships with our current suppliers.
61486	Participating in B2B markets may allow others to exploit our private information (e.g.  inventory  price)
61487	Participating in business-to-business (B2B) markets requires extensive reengineering of our existing processes (e.g.  ordering  approval  payment).
61488	Participating in B2B markets requires making organizational changes (e.g.  allocating decision rights  providing incentives).
61489	Participating in B2B markets requires signi?cant systems integration efforts.
61490	Participating in B2B markets requires signi?cant employee training on online processes and mechanisms (e.g.  auctions  reverse auctions).
61491	We actively seek information on technological changes that are likely to affect our business.
61492	We periodically review the likely effect of changes in technology on our business.
61493	We are among the leaders in our industry in detecting technological changes that may affect our business.
61494	We generally respond quickly to technological changes.
61495	We make substantial efforts to exploit new technologies.
61496	We employ information technology (IT) extensively to share data and information with business partners.
61497	We employ IT extensively to share data and information within the ?rm.
61498	We employ IT extensively to conduct transactions with business partners.
61499	We employ IT extensively for logistics purposes (e.g.  shipment monitoring).
61500	How frequently do you interact with this person?
61501	How close is your working relationship with this person?
61502	ow frequently do you interact with this system (i.e.  personally use with keyboard and/or mouse)?
61503	I use all of the functionality available in this system.
61504	I am con?dent in working with computers.
61505	I have no dif?culties following instructions in using software to ?nish exercises.
61506	I feel comfortable working with computers.
61507	I am sure I can work with computers.
61508	I can work on the computers even if no one tells me how to do it.
61509	I can handle computers better than most people do.
61510	IT-based learning enlarged my scope of learning beyond the textbook.
61511	IT-based learning helped me to become more knowledgeable in the subjects.
61512	IT-based learning helped me to achieve better academic results.
61513	IT-based learning developed my ability to do group discussions with my classmates.
61514	IT-based learning developed my ability to work with my teacher any time.
61515	IT-based learning developed my ability to ask critical questions openly.
61516	My school always tells me the importance of computers in education.
61517	My school uses computers to handle administrative work.
61518	My school encourages me to use the computers in school.
61519	Computer training in my school helps me to be more con?dent in using computers.
61520	Computer training in my school helps me to handle computer software.
61521	Computer training in my school helps me to make fewer mistakes when handling computer software.
61522	Computer training in my school helps me to improve my computer skills.
61523	Computer training in my school helps me to be able to guide my friends in using computer software.
61524	Computer training in my school helps me to solve computer software problems for my friends.
61525	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT infrastructure capability in the following area: data management services & architectures (e.g.  databases  data warehousing  data availability  storage  accessibility  sharing etc. ).
61526	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT infrastructure capability in the following area: network communication services (e.g.  connectivity  reliability  availability  LAN  WAN  etc. ).
61527	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT infrastructure capability in the following area: application portfolio & services (e.g.  ERP  ASP  reusable software modules/components  emerging technologies  etc. ).
61528	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT infrastructure capability in the following area: IT facilities’ operations/services (e.g.  servers  large-scale processors  performance monitors  etc.
61529	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT management capability in responding to the following: developing a clear vision regarding how IT contributes to business value.
61530	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT management capability in responding to the following: integrating business strategic planning and IT planning.
61531	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT management capability in responding to the following: enabling functional area and general management’s ability to understand value of IT investments.
61532	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your organization’s IT management capability in responding to the following: establishing an effective and flexible IT planning process and developing a robust IT plan.
61533	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your capability in acquiring  assimilating  transforming  and exploiting IT knowledge in the following area: we constantly keep current with new information technology innovations.
61534	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your capability in acquiring  assimilating  transforming  and exploiting IT knowledge in the following area: we are capable of and continue to experiment with new IT as necessary.
61535	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your capability in acquiring  assimilating  transforming  and exploiting IT knowledge in the following area: we have a climate that is supportive of trying out new ways of using IT.
61536	Relative to other firms in your industry  please evaluate your capability in acquiring  assimilating  transforming  and exploiting IT knowledge in the following area: we constantly seek new ways to enhance the effectiveness of IT use.
61537	Relative to your competitors  please indicate how well your organization performs or is positioned to perform the following activity: we fulfill demands for rapid-response  special requests of our customers whenever such demands arise; our customers have confidence in our ability.
61538	Relative to your competitors  please indicate how well your organization performs or is positioned to perform the following activity: we can quickly scale up or scale down our production/service levels to support fluctuations in demand from the market.
61539	Relative to your competitors  please indicate how well your organization performs or is positioned to perform the following activity: whenever there is a disruption in supply from our suppliers we can quickly make necessary alternative arrangements and internal adjustments.
61540	We are quick to make and implement appropriate decisions in the face of market/customer-changes.
61541	We constantly look for ways to reinvent/reengineer our organization to better serve our market place.
61542	We treat market-related changes and apparent chaos as opportunities to capitalize quickly.
61543	To what extent is the information represented in the diagrams easy to understand?
61544	To what extent is the information represented in the diagrams confusing?
61545	Trying to understand all of the information represented in the diagram required a lot of mental effort.
61546	Overall I found the information represented in the diagrams easy to interpret.
61547	To what extent did you understand all of the information represented in the diagram?
61548	To what extent did you comprehend all of the information represented in the diagram?
61549	Overall I grasped all the information represented in the diagram.
61550	Over the last two years  to what extent have you made travel reservations?
61551	Over the last two years  to what extent have you participated in auctions (including online auctions)?
61552	To what extent do you have knowledge of reservation procedures (e. g.   used by ticketing companies  airlines)?
61553	To what extent do you have knowledge of auction procedures?
61554	To what extent do you know data modeling concepts (such as entities  classes  and properties)?
61555	To what extent do you have experience in using data modeling concepts (such as entities  classes  and properties)?
61556	I am very satis?ed with the care I received.
61557	The medical care I received was excellent.
61558	The care was just about perfect.I am satis?ed with the administrative processes at the hospital.
61559	The administrative procedures were perfect.
61560	The administrative personnel who worked on my case handled it excellently.
61561	The doctor was careful to check everything.
61562	The doctor knew the latest medical developments.
61563	I have complete faith in the ability of the doctor.
61564	I have full faith in the diagnosis of the doctor.
61565	The nurse was careful to check everything.
61566	The nurse knew the latest medical developments.
61567	I have complete faith in the ability of the nurse.
61568	I have full faith in the advice the nurse gives me.
61569	The administrative personnel were thorough.
61570	The administrative personnel understood all aspects of my insurance.
61571	I have complete faith in the billing procedures.
61572	I have full faith in the accuracy of my bill.
61573	The doctor explained the reason for tests.
61574	The doctor discussed everything important with me.
61575	The doctor listened carefully to me.
61576	The nurse explained the details of the procedures.
61577	The nurse discussed everything important with me.
61578	The nurse listened carefully to me.
61579	The hospital administration explained my bill clearly.
61580	The administrative personnel discussed everything important with me.
61581	The administrative personnel listened carefully to me.
61582	The doctor did his/her best to keep me from worrying.
61583	The doctor showed genuine interest in me.
61584	The doctor was very friendly and courteous.
61585	The nurse did his/her best to keep me from worrying.
61586	The nurse showed genuine interest in me.
61587	The nurse was very friendly and courteous.
61588	The administrative personnel did their best to keep me from worrying.
61589	The administrative personnel showed genuine interest in me.
61590	The administrative personnel were very friendly and courteous.
61591	The doctor spent plenty of time with me.
61592	The doctor was never rushed when treating me.
61593	I always felt that the doctor was spending enough time with me.
61594	The nurse spent plenty of time with me. The nurse was never rushed when treating me.
61595	I always felt that the nurse was spending enough time with me.
61596	The administrative personnel spent plenty of time with me.
61597	The administrative personnel were never rushed when talking to me.
61598	I always felt that the administrative personnel were spending enough time with me.
61599	Overall  I was satis?ed with the training.
61600	The training provided comprehensive coverage of the system and how I would use it in my job.
61601	The training materials were comprehensive.
61602	The change management support was available whenever I needed it.
61603	The change management consultants understood my problems well.
61604	The change management consultants resolved the problems I faced.
61605	I received care without a major ?nancial setback.
61606	I felt the hospital acted in a way to protect me from ?nancial hardship.
61607	I am well insured and thus protected ?nancially.
61608	The amount I expect to pay for the care I receive is reasonable.
61609	I got hospital care at < hospital name > without trouble.
61610	It was easy to get care at < hospital name > on short notice.
61611	It was easy to get care at < hospital name > in an emergency.
61612	< hospital name > is conveniently located.
61613	I did not wait too long for emergency treatment at < hospital name >.
61614	I was able reach someone at < hospital name > for help with medical questions.
61615	It was easy to get appointment right away at < hospital name >.
61616	The of?ce hours at < hospital name > were convenient to me.
61617	I was not typically kept waiting for a doctor.
61618	It was easy to get access to specialists.
61619	I keep my belongings clean and neat.
61620	I’m pretty good about pacing myself so as to get things done on time.
61621	I am a very methodical person.
61622	I try to perform all tasks assigned to me conscientiously.
61623	Overall  I am satisfied with my job.
61624	I would prefer another  more ideal job.
61625	I am satisfied with the important aspects of my job.
61626	On the 1–10 scale used for performance evaluations at the hospital  what was your rating last year?
61627	I believe the system would be useful in my job.
61628	Using the system will enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
61629	Using the system will increase my productivity.
61630	If I use the system  I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
61631	My interaction with the system would be clear and understandable.
61632	It would be easy for me to become skillful at using the system.
61633	I would ?nd the system to be easy to use.
61634	Learning to operate the system would be easy for me.
61635	Use of information and communication technologies (ICTs) enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
61636	Use of ICTs improves the quality of my work.
61637	Use of ICTs makes it easier to do my job.
61638	Use of ICTs enhances my effectiveness on the job.
61639	Learning to use information and communication technologies (ICTs) is easy for me.
61640	ICTs are easy to use.
61641	It is easy to get results that I desire from ICTs.
61642	The features provided by information and communication technologies (ICTs) are dependable.
61643	The capabilities provided by ICTs are reliable.
61644	ICTs behave in a highly consistent way.
61645	The use of information and communication technologies (ICTs) enables others to have access to me.
61646	ICTs make me accessible to others.
61647	The use of ICTs enables me to be in touch with others.
61648	ICTs enable me to access others.
61649	It is easy for me to hide how I use ICTs.
61650	I can remain anonymous when using ICTs.
61651	It is easy for me to hide my ICT usage.
61652	It is difficult for others to identify my use of ICTs.
61653	I feel that there are frequent changes in the features of information and communication technologies (ICTs).
61654	I feel that characteristics of ICTs change frequently.
61655	I feel that the capabilities of ICTs change often.
61656	I feel that the way ICTs work changes often.
61657	Using information and communication technologies (ICTs) blurs boundaries between my job and my home life.
61658	Using ICTs for work-related responsibilities creates conflicts with my home responsibilities.
61659	I do not get everything done at home because I find myself completing job-related work due to ICTs.
61660	I feel uncomfortable that my use of information and communication technologies (ICTs) can be easily monitored.
61661	I feel my privacy can be compromised because my activities using ICT scan be traced.
61662	I feel my employer could violate my privacy by tracking my activities using ICTs.
61663	I feel that my use of ICTs makes it easier to invade my privacy.
61664	Information and communication technologies (ICTs) create many more requests  problems  or complaints in my job than I would otherwise experience.
61665	I feel busy or rushed due to ICTs.
61666	I feel pressured due to ICTs.
61667	I am unsure whether I have to deal with information and communication technology (ICT) problems or with my work activities.
61668	I am unsure what to prioritize: dealing with ICT problems or my work activities.
61669	I can NOT allocate time properly for my work activities because my time spent on ICTs-activities varies.
61670	Time spent resolving ICT problems takes time away from fulfilling my work responsibilities.
61671	Information and communication technologies (ICTs) will advance to an extent where my present job can be performed by a less skilled individual.
61672	I am worried that new ICTs may pose a threat to my job.
61673	I believe that ICTs make it easier for other people to perform my work activities.
61674	I feel drained from activities that require me to use information and communication technologies (ICTs).
61675	I feel tired from my ICT activities.
61676	Working all day with ICTs is a strain for me.
61677	I feel burned out from my ICT activities.
61678	I often find myself worrying about something.
61679	My feelings are hurt rather easily.
61680	I suffer from nervousness.
61681	My mood often goes up and down.
61682	I often lose sleep over my worries.
61683	Using the brainstorming tool was easy.
61684	Using the brainstorming tool was clear and understandable.
61685	Using the idea organizer was easy.
61686	Using the idea organizer was clear and understandable.
61687	Using the voting floor was easy.
61688	Using the voting floor was clear and understandable.
61689	Using your avatar was easy.
61690	Using your avatar was clear and understandable.
61691	Using the brainstorming tool was fun.
61692	Using the brainstorming tool was entertaining.
61693	Using the idea organizer was fun.
61694	Using the idea organizer was entertaining.
61695	Using the voting floor was fun.
61696	Using the voting floor was entertaining.
61697	Using your avatar was fun.
61698	Using your avatar was entertaining.
61699	The three-dimensional space in Second Life is especially good for brainstorming.
61700	The three dimensional space in Second Life is especially good for organizing ideas.
61701	The three dimensional space in Second Life is especially good for voting.
61702	There is a sense of human contact in Second Life.
61703	There is a sense of personalness in Second Life.
61704	There is a sense of sociability in Second Life.
61705	There is a sense of warmth in Second Life.
61706	There is a sense of human sensitivity in Second Life.
61707	When using Second Life you block out most of the distraction.
61708	When using Second Life you were immersed in the task you were performing.
61709	When using Second Life you were absorbed in what you were doing.
61710	I am confident that the information I provide during my transaction will not reach inappropriate parties during storage in this retailer’s databases.
61711	I believe inappropriate parties cannot deliberately observe the information I provide during my transaction with this web retailer during transmission.
61712	In my opinion  inappropriate parties will not collect and store the information I provide during my transaction with this web retailer.
61713	When I use this website  there is very little time between my actions and the website’s response.
61714	The website loads quickly.
61715	The website takes very little time to load.
61716	Navigating these web pages is easy for me.
61717	I find that my interaction with this website is clear and understandable.
61718	It is easy for me to become skillful at navigating the pages of this website.
61719	The website is visually pleasing.
61720	The website displays visually pleasing design.
61721	The website is visually appealing.
61722	Overall  how would you rate the quality of this website?
61723	All in all  I would rate the Totebags.com website as being of high quality.
61724	How would you rate the overall quality of the Totebags.com website?
61725	I have a good idea of what the PRODUCTS (e.g.  totebags  accessories  etc.) offered at Totebags.com look andfeel like.
61726	I have sufficient information about the PRODUCTS (e.g.  totebags  accessories  etc.) offered at Totebags.com to evaluate them effectively and accurately.
61727	I possess adequate knowledge about the PRODUCTS (e.g.  totebags  accessories  etc.) offered at Totebags.com.
61728	Designing and maintaining a high quality commercial website takes significant effort and expense.
61729	When I see a high quality commercial website  I assume that an organization must invest a lot of time and money to design and maintain it.
61730	The design and maintenance of a high quality commercial website requires an organization to make a significant financial investment.
61731	I perceive the PRODUCTS (e.g.  totebags  accessories  etc.) offered at totebags.com to be durable.
61732	Totebags.com PRODUCTS (e.g.  totebags  accessories  etc.) appear to me to be well crafted.
61733	I perceive the PRODUCTS (e.g.  totebags  accessories  etc.) offered at totebags.com to be of high quality.
61734	Suppose you were in the market for a tote bag. How likely would you be to purchase a tote bag though this website?
61735	Suppose you were in the market for a tote bag. How likely would you be to do business with Totebags.com via its website?
61736	If you were in the market for a tote bag  what is the likelihood that you would use this website to purchase the totebag?
61737	The following questions ask you how you characterize yourself when you use computers: Playful.
61738	The following questions ask you how you characterize yourself when you use computers: Flexible.
61739	The following questions ask you how you characterize yourself when you use computers: Creative.
61759	If I have any money left at the end of the pay period  I just have to spend it on eBay.
61760	I felt others would be horrified if they knew of my eBay spending habits.
61761	I bought things on eBay even though I couldn't afford them.
61762	I charged my credit card on eBay when I knew I didn't have enough money in the bank to cover it.
61763	I bought myself something on eBay in order to make myself feel better.
61764	I felt anxious or nervous on days I didn’t go shopping on eBay.
61765	I made only the minimum payments on my credit cards as a result of my eBay shopping.
61766	EBay.com is easy to use.
61767	It is easy to become skillful at using eBay.com.
61768	Learning to operate eBay.com is easy.
61769	EBay.com is flexible to interact with.
61770	My interaction with eBay.com is clear and understandable.
61771	It is easy to interact with eBay.com.
61772	EBay.com is useful for searching and buying products.
61773	EBay.com improves my performance in product searching and buying.
61774	EBay.com enables me to search and buy products faster.
61775	EBay.com enhances my effectiveness in product searching and buying.
61776	EBay.com makes it easier to search for and purchase products.
61777	EBay.com enhances my productivity in searching and buying products.
61778	Using eBay.com is enjoyable.
61779	Using eBay.com is pleasurable.
61780	Using eBay.com is fun.
61781	Using eBay.com is exciting.
61782	Using eBay.com is interesting.
61783	Assuming I have access to eBay.com  I intend to use it in future.
61784	Given that I have access to eBay.com  I predict that I would use it in future.
61785	If I have access to eBay.com  I predict that I would use it frequently in future.
61786	I sometimes neglect important things because of my interest in eBay.com.
61787	My social life has sometimes suffered because of me interacting with eBay.com.
61788	Using eBay.com sometimes interfered with other activities.
61789	When I am not using eBay.com I often feel agitated.
61790	I have made unsuccessful attempts to reduce the time I interact with eBay.com.
61791	I am sometimes late for engagements because I interact with eBay.com.
61792	Arguments have sometimes arisen because of the time I spend on eBay.com.
61793	I think that I am addicted to eBay.com.
61794	I often fail to get enough rest because I interact with eBay.com.
61795	I have unnecessary items that I bought on eBay.com
61796	Others might consider me an “eBay shopaholic.
61797	Much of my life centers around buying things on eBay.com.
61798	On eBay.com  I buy things I don’t need.
61799	On eBay.com  I buy things I did not plan to buy.
61800	I consider myself an impulse purchaser on eBay.com.
61801	Much of my time is occupied by thoughts about the eBay website.
61802	My thoughts about the eBay website interfere with my social  school  work  or role functioning.
61803	My thoughts about the eBay website cause me anxiety and/or distress.
61804	I often try to turn my attention away from the thoughts about the eBay website.
61805	I have much control over my thoughts about the eBay website.
61806	I spend much of my time using the eBay website.
61807	My use of the eBay website interferes with my social  school  work  and/or role functioning.
61808	I become anxious and/or distressed when I am prevented from using the eBay website.
61809	I often try to resist my eBay website usage compulsion.
61810	I have much control over my use of the eBay website
61811	Much of my time is occupied by thoughts about participating in eBay auctions.
61812	My thoughts about participating in eBay auctions interfere with my social  school  work  or role functioning.
61813	My thoughts about participating in eBay auctions cause me anxiety and/or distress.
61814	I often try to turn my attention away from the thoughts about participating in eBay auctions.
61815	I have much control over my thoughts about participating in eBay auctions.
61816	I spend much of my time participating in eBay auctions.
61817	My participation in eBay auctions interferes with my social  school  work  or role functioning.
61818	I become anxious and/or distressed when I am prevented from participating in eBay auctions.
61819	I often try to resist my eBay auction participation compulsion.
61820	I have much control over my participation in eBay auctions.
61821	It is sometimes hard for me to go on with my work if I am not encouraged.
61822	I sometimes feel resentful when I don’t get my way.
61823	On a few occasions  I have given up doing something because I thought too little of my ability.
61824	There have been times when I felt like rebelling against people in authority even though I knew they were right.
61825	No matter who I’m talking to  I’m always a good listener.
61826	There have been occasions when I took advantage of someone.
61827	I’m always willing to admit it when I make a mistake.
61828	I sometimes try to get even  rather than forgive and forget.
61829	I am always courteous  even to people who are disagreeable.
61830	I have never been irked when people expressed ideas very different from my own.
61831	There have been times when I was quite jealous of the good fortune of others.
61832	I am sometimes irritated by people who ask favors of me.
61833	I have never deliberately said something that hurt someone’s feelings.
61834	The performance and functionality of this system is highly inadequate.
61835	There are notable limitations in the ability of this system to meet our needs.
61836	We would like to have many capabilities that are not supported by this system.
61837	People here consider this system to be reliable.
61838	This system has proven itself to be dependable.
61839	This system can be counted on to perform as needed.
61840	Support for this system is readily available.
61841	We do not encounter difficulties in obtaining needed system support services.
61842	We can easily obtain the support resources necessary to continue operating this system.
61843	Supporting the ongoing use of this system is costly.
61844	Support costs for this system are excessive.
61845	The ongoing operational costs of this system are high.
61846	Significant organizational resources have been invested in this system.
61847	We have committed considerable time and money to the implementation and operation of this system.
61848	The financial investments that have been made in this system are substantial.
61849	The technical characteristics of this system make it complex.
61850	This system depends on a sophisticated integration of technology components.
61851	There is considerable technical complexity underlying this system.
61852	We plan to replace this system with a competing system.
61853	Our intention is to replace this system with an entirely different system.
61854	We will be implementing a replacement to this system.
61855	This person generates creative work-related ideas.
61856	This person promotes and champions work-related ideas to others.
61857	When someone criticizes this avatar  it feels like a personal insult.
61858	I am very interested in what others think about this avatar.
61859	When I talk about this avatar  I usually say I rather than that.
61860	When someone praises this avatar  it feels like a personal compliment.
61861	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: affectionate.
61862	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: lovely.
61863	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: peaceful.
61864	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: friendly.
61865	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: attached.
61866	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: bonded.
61867	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: connected.
61868	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: passionate.
61869	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: delighted.
61870	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings toward this avatar: captivate.
61871	This avatar is helpful for me to evaluate the fit between myself and the product.
61872	This avatar is helpful in familiarizing me with the product.
61873	This avatar is helpful for me to understand the difference in fit among different sizes of this product.
61874	I intend to use this avatar in the near future.
61875	I predict I would use this avatar in the near future.
61876	I plan to use this avatar in the near future.
61877	How do you feel about the appearance of your face?
61878	How do you feel about the appearance of your body?
61879	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings when being scanned: shame.
61880	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings when being scanned: sadness.
61881	Describe the extent to which the following words describe your typical feelings when being scanned: anger.
61882	Purchasing this product from this website would be easy.
61883	For me  purchasing this product easily from a Web vendor is: not at all - extremely important.
61884	Learning how to purchase this product from this Web vendor would be easy.
61885	For me  learning how to purchase this product easily from a Web vendor is: not at all - extremely important.
61886	During the last year  how many times have you made product purchases from the Internet in general?
61887	During the last year  how much have you approximately spent on Internet purchases?
61888	During the last year  how many times have you made apparel purchases from the Internet in general?
61889	During the last year  how much have you approximately spent on Internet apparel purchases?
61890	Assuming that < hospital brand name > is available in your area I would consider < hospital brand name > the next time I need a hospital service.
61891	Assuming that < hospital brand name > is available in your area I would recommend < hospital brand name > if a friend calls me to get my advice in his/her search for a hospital.
61892	Assuming that < hospital brand name > is available in your area it is likely that I will visit < hospital brand name > .
61893	Even if another hospital offers the same quality of services as < hospital brand name >  I would prefer to use the services of < hospital brand name >.
61894	If there is another hospital as good as < hospital brand name >  I prefer to go to < hospital brand name >.
61895	It makes sense to use the services of < hospital brand name > instead of services of any other hospitals even if they are the same
61896	I found my virtual tour of < hospital brand name > enjoyable.
61897	I found my virtual tour of < hospital brand name > boring.
61898	I found my virtual tour of < hospital brand name > interesting.
61899	I found my virtual tour of < hospital brand name > fun.
61900	I forgot about my immediate surroundings when I was navigating the < hospital brand name > virtual tour.
61901	When the virtual tour ended  I felt like I came back to the “real world” after a journey.
61902	During the virtual tour  I forgot that I was in the middle of an experiment.
61903	The computer-generated world seemed to be “somewhere I visited” rather than “something I saw.”
61904	In the virtual environment of Second Life it was easy to understand my partners.
61905	In the virtual environment of Second Life my partners found it easy to understand me.
61906	In the virtual environment of Second Life understanding my partners was difficult.
61907	In the virtual environment of Second Life my partners had difficulty understanding me.
61908	In the virtual environment of Second Life I was aware of the location of objects related to the networking task  such as cables and computers  in the virtual environment.
61909	In the virtual environment of Second Life I was aware of the objects in the telecommunications lab in Second Life related to computer networking.
61910	In the virtual environment of Second Life I was conscious of elements in the telecommunications lab and around me.
61911	In the virtual environment of Second Life the textual and visual clues in the environment helped me to do the task.
61912	In the virtual environment of Second Life information in the environment  such as diagrams and labels  made it easy to figure out what to do.
61913	In the virtual environment of Second Life there were clues in the environment that made completing the task easy.
61914	In the virtual environment of Second Life the information given in the environment helped me understand  or explain to others  the task better.
61915	In the virtual environment of Second Life time appeared to go by quickly when I was interacting with my group members.
61916	In the virtual environment of Second Life sometimes I lost track of time when I was interacting with my group members.
61917	In the virtual environment of Second Life time went by real fast when I was interacting with my group members.
61918	If given the opportunity  I would like to participate in a similar learning task in Second Life.
61919	I intend to return to Second Life to learn about different topics.
61920	I intend to return to Second Life again.
61921	The tools provided by Second Life allow me to modify content that exists in the environment.
61922	The tools provided by Second Life allow me to create content as per my imagination.
61923	A large number of objects in Second Life can be manipulated by users.
61924	Users can make major changes in the virtual objects and the virtual environment.
61925	Second Life allows me to change or influence the way the environment looks.
61926	Second Life enables me to get a good impression of other residents/avatars in the virtual world.
61927	Second Life enables me to develop good social relationships with other community members.
61928	Second Life enables me to feel part of the virtual world community.
61929	Second Life enables me to form close friendships with residents of the virtual world.
61930	Second Life provides me the opportunity to have lively  scintillating  and engaging meetings.
61931	I keep bumping into avatars/people in the area that I frequently visit.
61932	Most of the areas that I visit are crowded with avatars.
61933	The area that I spend time in does not have enough space to accommodate all the avatars that visit the area.
61934	A large number of avatars stick primarily to a specific location in Second Life.
61935	I can find most of the avatars at their usual hanging out areas/locations in Second Life.
61936	Most of the avatars have their fixed hanging-out places.
61937	I forget about my immediate surroundings when I am on Second Life.
61938	Surfing Second Life often makes me forget where I am.
61939	After surfing Second Life  I feel like I come back to the “real world” after a journey.
61940	Using Second Life creates a new world for me  and this world suddenly disappears when I stop using it.
61941	I feel that Second Life is more real or present compared to the physical world around me.
61942	My imagination is aroused when I interact within Second Life.
61943	I feel curious when interacting in Second Life.
61944	The interaction with Second Life is interesting.
61945	I am absorbed in the interaction in Second Life.
61946	It’s fun to interact in Second Life.
61947	When surfing Second Life  the interaction with the other users is personal.
61948	When surfing Second Life  the interaction with the other users is warm.
61949	When surfing Second Life  the interaction with the other users is close.
61950	When surfing Second Life  the interaction with the other users is humanizing.
61951	When surfing Second Life  the interaction with the other users is emotional.
61952	I am likely to consider the purchase of virtual real estate (e.g.  land  house  etc.) in Second Life.
61953	I am likely to consider the purchase of personal virtual goods (e.g.  clothes  accessories  etc.) in Second Life.
61992	BPMN does not provide sufficient symbols to represent business rules in process models.
61993	BPMN could be made more complete by adding new symbols for representing business rules in process models.
61994	I often cannot use BPMN to adequately represent business rules in process models.
61995	BPMN does not provide sufficient symbols to represent logs of state changes in process models.
61996	BPMN could be made more complete by adding new symbols for representing logs of state changes in process models.
61997	I often cannot use BPMN to sufficiently represent logs of state changes in process models.
61998	BPMN does not provide sufficient symbols to represent the process structure and decomposition in process models.
61999	BPMN could be made more complete by adding new symbols for representing the process structure and decomposition in process models.
62000	I often cannot use BPMN to adequately represent the process structure and decomposition in process models.
62001	I often have to choose between a number of BPMN symbols to represent one kind of a real-world object in a process model.
62002	BPMN often provides two or more symbols that can be used to represent the same kind of real-world object in a process model.
62003	In a process model  one kind of a real-world object can often be represented by different BPMN symbols.
62004	I often have to choose between a number of BPMN symbols to represent one kind of a transformation in a process model.
62005	BPMN often provides two or more symbols that can be used to represent the same kind of transformation in a process model.
62006	In a process model  one kind of a transformation can often be represented by different BPMN symbols.
62007	I often have to choose between a number of BPMN symbols to represent one kind of an event in a process model.
62008	BPMN often provides two or more symbols that can be used to represent the same kind of event in a process model.
62009	In a process model  one kind of a real-world object can often be represented by different BPMN symbols.
62010	I often have to provide additional information to clarify the context in which I want to use the Pool symbol in a process model.
62011	The Pool symbol can have more than one meaning in a process model.
62012	I often use the Pool symbol to represent more than one type of real-world phenomena in a process model.
62013	I often have to provide additional information to clarify the context in which I want to use the Lane symbol in a process model.
62014	The Lane symbol can have more than one meaning in a process model.
62015	I often use the Lane symbol to represent more than one type of real-world phenomena in a process model.
62016	The Basic Event symbol does not have a real-world meaning in a process model.
62017	I often cannot precisely ascribe a real-world meaning to the Basic Event symbol in a process model.
62018	The Basic Event symbol does not represent any relevant real-world phenomenon in a process model.
62019	The Text Annotation symbol does not have a real-world meaning in a process model.
62020	I often cannot precisely ascribe a real-world meaning to the Text Annotation symbol in a process model.
62021	The Text Annotation symbol does not represent any relevant real-world phenomenon in a process model.
62022	The Off-page Connector symbol does not have a real-world meaning in a process model.
62023	I often cannot precisely ascribe a real-world meaning to Off-page Connector symbol in a process model.
62024	The Off-page Connector symbol does not represent any relevant real-world phenomenon in a process model.
62025	The Multiple Instances symbol does not have a real-world meaning in a process model.
62026	I often cannot precisely ascribe a real-world meaning to the Multiple Instances symbol in a process model.
62027	The Multiple Instances symbol does not represent any relevant real-world phenomenon in a process model.
62028	Overall  I find BPMN useful for modeling processes.
62029	I find BPMN useful for achieving the purpose of my process modeling.
62030	I find BPMN helps me in meeting my process modeling objectives.
62031	I find it easy to model processes in the way I intended using BPMN.
62032	I find learning BPMN for process modeling is easy.
62033	I find creating process models using BPMN is easy.
62034	I found the system was easy to learn.
62035	I found the system was easy to use.
62036	I found the Web page was displayed in a way that was clear and understandable.
62037	I found the system was useful for completing the tasks.
62038	I could find information I wanted quickly.
62039	I found the Web page was displayed in a way that was useful in searching for information.
62040	I find this system easy to use.
62041	I am skillful at using this system.
62042	Using this system takes too much time from my normal duties.
62043	On average  how often do you interact with this  person?
62044	How close is your working relationship with this person?
62045	On average  how often do you interact with this system?
62046	I use all of the functionality available in this system.
62084	There was a clearly known way to convert client needs into requirements specification.
62085	Established processes could be relied upon to convert client needs into requirements specifications.
62086	There was a clearly known way to develop software that would meet these functional requirements.
62087	There were established procedures and practices that could be relied upon to develop software to meet these requirements.
62088	It was difficult to hire trained people for this project in particular from the market.
62089	There was a shortage of trained people for this project in particular in our company.
62090	It was difficult to provide training to employees in skills required for this particular project.
62091	Employee turnover from the project team was a major problem during the execution of this project.
62092	It was difficult to retain people with the skills required for this project within the company.
62093	The client company had a very capable MIS department.
62094	The client’s MIS department was very experienced with handling outsourcing projects.
62095	The client MIS department was technically capable of managing outsourced projects like [project name].
62096	The project could have been as successfully executed by the MIS department in the client’s organization.
62097	Please rate the project on the following criteria: reliability of final software.
62098	Please rate the project on the following criteria: cost of software operations.
62099	Please rate the project on the following criteria: response time performance of final software.
62100	Please rate the project on the following criteria: ease of use of final software.
62101	Please rate the project on the following criteria: ability to customize outputs to various user needs.
62102	Compared to a typical project at [Firm]  please indicate how flexible or binding the following aspects were for this project: payment and financial procedures on the project.
62103	Compared to a typical project at [Firm]  please indicate how flexible or binding the following aspects were for this project: warranty and liability conditions for the project.
62104	Compared to a typical project at [Firm]  please indicate how flexible or binding the following aspects were for this project: software installation  acceptance and testing procedures.
62105	Compared to a typical project at [Firm]  please indicate how flexible or binding the following aspects were for this project: dispute resolution procedures.
62106	Compared to a typical project at [Firm]  please indicate how flexible or binding the following aspects were for this project: project management requirements.
62260	I liked the interface that I chose to use for the last trial.
62261	I found Interface A easy to use.
62262	I found Interface B easy to use.
62263	I found Interface C easy to use.
62264	How much experience do you have with the Internet? No experience—a great deal of experience.
62341	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems improve the efficiency of our day-to-day business operations.
62342	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems provide timely information for cost control.
62343	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems facilitate long-term strategic business planning.
62344	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems provide us with the data we need to support our day-to-day decision-making.
62345	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems enable us to develop detailed analyses of our present business situation.
62346	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems provide reliable information on the organization’s financial situation.
62347	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems assist us in setting our prices or value proposition relative to the competition.
62348	My overall perception is that compared to our competitors’  our supply chain management information systems provide information on competitive products and services.
62349	I feel that the degree to which the capabilities of our supply chain management information system support our business needs is very low.
62350	I feel that the degree to which the capabilities of our supply chain management information system support our business needs is very high.
62351	In comparison to our competitors  the products and services that we provide to our customers are best characterized as [(a) More innovative; continually changing; and broader in scope. (b) Fairly stable in certain markets while innovative in other markets. (c) Well focused; relatively stable; and consistently defined throughout the marketplace. (d) In a state of transition  and largely based on responding to opportunities or threats from the marketplace or environment.]
62352	In contrast to our competitors  my organization has an image in the marketplace as one which [(a) Offers fewer  selective products and services that are high in quality. (b) Adopts new ideas and innovations  but only after careful analysis. (c) Reacts to opportunities or threats in the marketplace to maintain or enhance our position. (d) Has a reputation for being innovative and creative.]
62353	The amount of time my organization spends on monitoring changes and trends in the marketplace can best be described as [(a) Lengthy: We are continuously monitoring the marketplace. (b) Minimal: We really do not spend much time monitoring the marketplace.(c) Average: We spend a reasonable amount of time monitoring the marketplace. (d) Sporadic: We sometimes spend a great deal of time and at other times spend little time monitoring the marketplace.]
62354	In comparison to our competitors  the increase or losses in demand that we have experienced are due most probably to [(a) Our practice of concentrating on more fully developing those markets that we currently serve. (b) Our practice of responding to the immediate needs of the marketplace. (c) Our practice of aggressively entering into new markets with new types of product and service offerings. (d) Our practice of assertively penetrating more deeply into markets we currently serve  while offering new products and services only after a very careful review of their potential.]
62355	One of the most important goals in this organization in comparison to our competitors is our dedication and commitment to [(a) Keep costs under control. (b) Analyze our costs and revenues carefully to keep costs under control and to selectively generate new products and services or enter new markets.(c) Insure that the people  resources  and equipment required to develop new products and services and new markets are available and accessible. (d) Make sure that we guard against critical threats by taking whatever action is necessary.]
62356	In contrast to our competitors  the competencies (skills) that our managerial employees possess can best be characterized as [(a) Analytical: their skills enable them to both identify trends and then develop new product or service offerings or markets. (b) Specialized: their skills are concentrated into one  or a few  specific areas. (c) Broad and entrepreneurial: their skills are diverse  flexible  and enable change to be created. (d) Fluid: their skills are related to the near-term demands of the marketplace.]
62357	The one thing that protects my organization from competitive failure is that we [(a) Are able to carefully analyze emerging trends and adopt only those that have proven potential. (b) Are able to do a limited number of things exceptionally well. (c) Are able to respond to trends as they arise even though they may possess only moderate potential. (d) Are able to consistently develop new products and services and new markets.]
62358	More so than many of our competitors  our management staff tends to concentrate on [(a) Maintaining a secure financial position through cost and quality control measures. (b) Analyzing opportunities in the marketplace and selecting only those opportunities with proven potential  while protecting a secure financial position. (c) Activities or business functions which most need attention given the opportunities or problems we currently confront. (d) Developing new products and services and expanding into new markets or market segments.]
62359	In contrast to many of our competitors  my organization prepares for the future by [(a) Identifying the best possible solutions to those problems or challenges that require immediate attention. (b) Identifying trends and opportunities in the marketplace which can result in the creation of product or service offerings which are new to the marketplace or which reach new markets. (c) Identifying those problems that  if solved  will maintain and then improve our current product and service offerings and market position. (d) Identifying those trends in the industry that other firms have proven possess long-term potential while also solving problems related to our current product and service offerings and our current customers needs.]
62360	In comparison to our competitors  the structure of my organization is [(a) Functional in nature (i.e.  organized by department — marketing  accounting  personnel  etc.). (b) Product- or market-oriented (for example  business units are organized by product or market and handle functions like marketing and accounting internally). (c) Primarily functional (departmental) in nature; however  a product- or market-oriented structure does exist in newer or larger product or service offering areas. (d) Continually changing to enable us to meet opportunities and solve problems as they arise.]
62361	Unlike many of our competitors  the procedures my organization uses to evaluate our performance are best described as [(a) Decentralized and participatory encouraging many organizational members to be involved. (b) Heavily oriented toward those reporting requirements which demand immediate attention. (c) Highly centralized and primarily the responsibility of senior management. (d) Centralized in more established service areas and more participatory in newer product or service areas.]
63442	The project followed documented processes for software development.
63443	Project estimates (such as project size  cost  and schedule) were documented regularly for use in planning and tracking the project.
63444	Changes to software system requirements resulted in appropriate changes to project plans and schedules.
63445	The project’s actual results on the project plan were compared regularly with estimates in the project plan.
63446	Corrective action was taken proactively when actual results deviated from the project plan.
63447	All project members agreed to the commitment of their time as per the project plan.
63448	Software quality was assessed and compared to the quality goals in the project plan.
63449	The project had measurable and quantified goals for the quality of released software.
63450	Software quality was used as a basis for rewards for project members.
63451	Software quality measures like defect rates were taken into account in rewarding project members.
63452	User satisfaction with software quality was an important factor in determining rewards for project members.
63453	To the best of your knowledge  how often was development effort tracked on this project?
63454	To the best of your knowledge  how often was project schedules tracked on this project?
63455	Timely achievement of project goals was used as a basis for rewarding project members
63456	Completing the project on time was an important factor in determining rewards for project members.
63457	The project’s performance on cost was used as a basis for rewarding project members.
63458	Adherence to planned schedule was used as a basis for rewards for project members.
63459	People in the project team were supportive and help.
63460	There was willingness to share responsibility for failure.
63461	There was willingness to collaborate across different groups.
63462	One or more members of the project team had been formally designated to facilitate coordination with client.
63463	One or more members of the project team informally facilitated coordination with the client.
63464	Employee turnover from the project team was a major problem.
63465	Requirements significantly fluctuated over the course of the project.
63466	It was difficult to retain employees with the skills required in this project within the organization.
65252	What do you think of the speed of the search?
65253	How much did the waiting make you feel irritated?
65254	How much did the waiting make you feel annoyed?
65255	How much did the waiting make you feel frustrated?
65256	How much did the waiting make you feel unsatisfied?
65257	Typically  how easily do you get irritated?
65258	How is your “temper” these days?
65259	When you have to wait in line such as at a restaurant  the movies  or the post office  how do you usually feel?
65260	There is a lot the website could have done to avoid or shorten the delay.
65261	The delay was mostly caused by the design of the website.
65262	To what extent would you say your knowledge-sharing on this wiki has helped your  organization to Improve work processes.
65263	To what extent would you say your knowledge-sharing on this wiki has helped your  organization to Increase collaboration efficiency.
65264	To what extent would you say your knowledge-sharing on this wiki has helped your  organization to Increase knowledge reuse.
65265	Think about the work you do that uses the wiki. To what extent would you say that you are an expert on the work.
65266	Think about the work you do that uses the wiki. To what extent would you say that others using the wiki look to you for your expertise.
65267	Think about the work you do that uses the wiki. To  what extent would you say that your expertise is sought after by others in your organization.
65268	To what extent would you say your knowledge-sharing on this wiki has helped your  organization to Improve work processes.
65269	To what extent would you say your knowledge-sharing on this wiki has helped your  organization to Increase collaboration efficiency.
65270	To what extent would you say your knowledge-sharing on this wiki has helped your  organization to Increase knowledge reuse.
65271	The information technology systems used in this branch produce correct information.
65272	There are few errors in the information obtained from the information technology systems.
65273	The information provided by the information technology systems is accurate.
65274	The information provided by the information technology system is well formatted.
65275	The information provided by the information technology system is well laid out.
65276	The information provided by the information technology systems is clearly presented on the screen.
65277	The information technology systems provide the most recent information.
65278	The information technology systems produce the most current information.
65279	The information from the information technology systems is always up-to-date.
65480	When buying online  I am confident that there are mechanisms in place to protect me against any potential risks (e.g. leaking of personal information  credit card fraud  goods not received  etc.) of online shopping if something goes wrong with my online purchase.
65481	I am sure that I cannot be taken advantage of (leaking of personal information  credit card fraud  goods not received  etc.) as a result of conducting purchases online.
65482	I believe that there are other parties (e.g. your credit card company) who have an obligation to protect me against any potential risks (e.g.  leaking of personal information  credit card fraud  goods not received  etc.) of online shopping if something goes wrong with my online purchase.
65483	I have confidence in third parties (e.g.  SafeTrader  TRUSTe) to protect me against any potential risks (e.g.  leaking of personal information  credit card fraud  goods not received  etc.) of online shopping if something goes wrong with my online purchase.
65484	I believe that this vendor is consistent in quality and service.
65485	I believe that this vendor is keen on fulfilling my needs and wants.
65486	I believe that this vendor is honest.
65487	I believe that this vendor wants to be known as one that keeps promises and commitments.
65488	I believe that this vendor has my best interests in mind.
65489	I believe that this vendor has high integrity.
65490	I believe that this vendor is trustworthy.
65491	I believe that this vendor is dependable.
65492	Please indicate your likelihood/probability of buying online again from the vendor you had in mind as you fill out this questionnaire  in the meditm term.
65493	Please indicate your likelihood/probability of buying online again from the vendor you had in mind as you fill out this questionnaire  in the long term.
65494	All things considered  and on a scale from 1-100%  what is the probability that you will purchase online from the same vendor again?
65495	Please circle the number that best describes how satisfied you are with previous experiences with the vendor.
65496	Overall  extremely satisfied.
65497	Overall  extremely pleased.
65498	My expectations were exceeded.
65499	I would recommend this vendor to a friend.
65500	Please circle the number that best describes your perception of the vendor's website on each of the attributes below
65501	Extremely easy to use.
65502	Extremely well organized.
65503	Extremely well organized.
65504	Extremely easy to navigate.
65505	Extremely easy to find information that I want.
65506	Extremely easy to conduct online shopping.
65507	Extremely fast in transmitting words and images.
65508	Excellent in terms of operational efficiency (working links).
65509	Extremely useful search/help functions.
65510	Extremely interesting.
65511	Extremely exciting.
65512	Extremely entertaining.
65513	Extremely clear layout.
65514	High attention grabbing ability.
65515	Please circle the number that best describes how satisfied you are with previous transactions via the internet.
65516	Overall  extremely satisfied.
65517	Overall  extremely pleased.
65518	My expectations were exceeded.
65519	Overall  how familiar are you with the vendor you now have in mind?
65520	Please circle the number that best describes your perception of the vendor you now have in mind on each of the attributes below.
65521	Excellent public image.
65522	Has an excellent reputation.
