variable_id	variable_definition
14	The communication of knowledge from a source so that it is learned and applied by a recipient.
15	The ability for a recipient to recognize the value of external information  assimilate it  and apply it.
16	The extent to which a source and a recipient dyad's work values  norms  philosophy  problem-solving approaches  and prior work experience are similar.
17	An emotionally laborious  distant relationship between a source and a recipient.
18	Deriving satisfaction that lies in the content of the activity itself.
19	Deriving satisfaction that is independent of the content of the activity itself.
20	The ability for a source to express ideas clearly  have a good command of the language  and be easy to understand.
21	The ability for a recipient to listen  respond to messages quickly  and be attentive.
22	An attitude a recipient has about a source along multiple dimensions  including trustworthiness and expertise.
37	The number of months an individual has been a member of the professional association  representing how much experience he or she has in the association's legal specialty.
38	A duty or obligation to engage in future action.
40	The extent to which the content actually addressed and answered the posted questions.
41	The total number of response messages (messages that addressed a question) posted by each individual.
42	The ease with which data in different systems and organizational functions can be shared  the ability to update information to reflect changes in the downstream processes  and the visibility of customer orders throughout the organization.
43	The capability of providing product information  product customization  website personalization  service  and order management online.
44	The capabilities of information exchange related to quality.
45	The capabilities of information exchange related to resource availability.
46	The capabilities of information exchange related to relationship management.
47	The extent to which formal supplier selection policies  evaluation metrics  and monitoring processes are institutionalized.
48	How well the process facilitates customer interaction  complaint resolution  and the dissemination of customer feedback.
49	A firm's perception of the beliefs and motivation of customers toward net-enabled business.
50	A firm's perception of the beliefs and motivation of suppliers toward net-enabled business.
51	The agent uses logical arguments and factual evidence to persuade the target that a proposal or request is viable and likely to result in the attainment of task objectives.
52	The agent seeks target participation in planning a strategy  activity  or change for which target support and assistance are desired  or is willing to modify a proposal to deal with target concerns and suggestions.
53	The agent uses praise  flattery  friendly behavior  or helpful behavior to get the target in a good mood to think favorably of him or her when asking for something.
54	The agent appeals to target feelings of loyalty and friendship toward him or her when asking for something.
55	The agent offers an exchange of favors  indicates willingness to reciprocate at a later time  or promises a share of the benefits if the target helps accomplish a task.
56	The agent seeks the aid of others to persuade the target to do something  or uses the support of others as a reason for the target to agree also.
57	The agent uses demands  threats  frequent checking  or persistent reminders to influence the target to do what he or she wants.
60	Task complexity was manipulated by increasing  the size and the homogeneity of the solution set and by creating a scenario that was not dominated by a few superior  solutions. Thus   for the low task complexity intervention  home  attributes were defined such that five homes met  the criteria. For the high task complexity intervention    necessary  and  desirable  attributes  were included in the task scenario. Once the  necessary criteria were met. the solution set still  included approximately 200 homes. This task was  constructed such that there was a  best five  set of  solutions (determined a priori) across the 200-  home subset. The best solutions met all of the  criteria (i.e.  both necessary and desired) and  were within $10 000 of the lowest priced home in  the subset.
61	Instrument conceptualizes subjective mental workload as six dimensions: mental demand  physical demand  time constraints  performance  effort  and level of frustration.
62	A person's ability to mentally manipulate objects within space. This ability predicts  the ease with which users are able to construct  a mental model of the information and is particularly valuable  when panning or scanning across a field of data. The spatial orientation  instrument measures the subject's response to 80  pictures by asking the subject to assess the  similarity between spatial representations.
63	The number of matches the user had to the  best five  answers.  It was calculated as the percentage of optimal (i.e.  number of  best five  solutions identified by the user/5).
64	Decision time was calculated as the number of minutes required to complete each task using a given user interface.
72	Widespread sponsorship for a project across the management team.
73	A person within the organization who actively supports and promotes the project.
74	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
75	The money  time  and people required to successfully implement a data warehouse.
76	When users are assigned project roles and tasks during implementation of the data warehouse.
77	The perception that users will want to perform an activity because it is perceived to be instrumental in achieving valued outcomes that are distinct from the activity itself  such as improved job performance  pay  or promotions.
78	The technical and interpersonal abilities of members of the data warehousing team.
79	How the capabilities of a system enhance an individual's job performance.
80	The quality (e.g.  standardization  readiness  disparity) of the source systems that data to the warehouse.
81	Effective hardware  software  methods  and programs to build the data warehouse.
82	The degree to which using an innovation is perceived as being better than using its precursor.
83	Implementation-level success in addressing organizational issues  such as change management  widespread support  and political resistance.
84	Implementation-level success in completing the project on time  on budget  with the proper functionality.
85	Outcome expectations relate to the consequences of the behavior.
86	Implementation-level success in overcoming technical problems.
87	The degree to which a person believes that using a system would be free of effort.
88	The accuracy  comprehensiveness   consistency  and completeness of the data  provided by the warehouse.
89	The degree to which a system is perceived as relatively difficult to understand and use.
90	The degree to which using an innovation is perceived as being difficult to use.
91	The flexibility and integration of the data warehouse.
92	The benefits of the data warehouse as perceived by a data supplier.
93	The person's perception that most people who are important to him think he should or should not perform the behavior in question.
94	The individual's internalization of the reference group's subjective culture  and specific interpersonal agreements that the individual has made with others  in specific social situations.
95	The degree to which use of an innovation is perceived to enhance one's image or status in one's social system.
96	Perceptions of internal and external  constraints on behavior and encompasses self-efficacy  resource facilitating conditions  and technology facilitating conditions.
97	Objective factors in the environment that observers agree make an act easy to do   including the provision of computer support.
98	The degree to which an innovation is perceived as being consistent with existing values  needs  and experiences of potential adopters.
99	An individual's positive or negative feelings about performing the target behavior.
100	The perception that users will want to perform an activity for no apparent reinforcement other than the process of performing the activity per se.
101	Feelings of joy  elation  or pleasure; or depression  disgust  displeasure  or hate associated by an individual with a particular act.
102	An individual's liking of the behavior.
103	The degree to which an individual believes that using the system will help him or her to attain gains in job performance.
104	The degree of ease associated with the use of the system.
105	An individual's overall affective reaction to using a system
106	The degree to which an individual perceives that important others believe he or she should use the new system.
107	The degree to which an individual believes that an organizational and technical infrastructure exists to support use of the system.
111	One's judgment of his or her ability to complete a task using computers.
112	The subjects' assessment on their satisfaction with the learning process in the course. Subjects were asked whether they felt the learning process in the course was  coordinated/uncoordinated  confusing/understandable  satisfying/dissatisfying.
113	The numbers of errors on an achievement test following instruction.
118	The extent to which a person believes that using a particular technology will enhance her/his job performance.
119	The degree to which a person believes that using the system will be free from effort.
120	The degree to which an individual believes that people who are important to him/her think she/he should perform the behavior in question.
123	Income before taxes.
124	Executive/Top Management; Middle management; supervisory; administrative/clerical; technical; other.
125	Years of experience using a computers in general
126	Frequency of use (number of user queries for information) was gathered from system logs
129	Extent to which the participant reported feeling scared  afraid  upset  distressed  jittery  nervous  ashamed  guilty  irritable  and hostile.
130	The inability to register the passage of time while engaged in interaction.
131	The experience of total engagement where other attentional demands are  in essence  ignored.
132	The pleasurable aspects of the interaction.
133	The user's perception of being in charge of the interaction.
134	The extent the experience arouses an individual's sensory and cognitive curiosity.
135	An individual's assessment that technology interaction will be relatively free of cognitive burden  i.e.  ease of use reflects the facility with which the individual is able to interact with a particular software artifact.
136	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
137	Willingness to try out any new technology.
138	The degree of cognitive spontaneity in microcomputer interactions.
140	Confidence in one's ability to perform a particular task.
147	The degree to which adopting/using the IT innovation is perceived as being better than using the practice it supersedes.
148	The degree to which one can experiment with an innovation on a limited basis before making an adoption or rejection decision.
149	The degree to which using a particular system is free of effort.
150	The degree to which adopting the IT innovation is compatible with what people do.
151	The degree to which the results of adopting/using the IT innovation are observable and communicable to others.
152	The degree to which adoption/usage of the innovation is perceived to enhance one's image of status in one's social system.
153	The degree to which the innovation is visible in the organization.
154	Individual's salient beliefs about the consequences of adopting the information technology.
156	Normative beliefs that the person attributes to what relevant others (salient references) expect her to do with respect to adopting (or continuing to use) the information technology as well as her motivation to comply with those beliefs.
159	The extent to which a person believes that using a technology will enhance his/her productivity.
160	The extent to which a person believes that using a technology will be free of effort.
162	Beliefs about one's ability to perform a specific behavior — recognizing that our expectations of positive outcomes of a behavior will be meaningless if we doubt our capability to successfully execute the behavior in the first place.
169	Performance-related outcomes are those associated with improvements in job performance (efficiency and effectiveness) associated with using computers
170	Relate to expectations of change in image or status or to expectations of rewards  such as promotions  raises  or praise.
171	The enjoyment a person derives from using computers.
172	The feelings of apprehension or anxiety that one experiences when using computers.
173	Frequency of use at work  duration of use at work  duration of use at home on weekdays  and duration of use at home on weekends.
178	The perception of power and unique value lost due to knowledge contributed to electronic knowledge repository (EKR).
180	The time and effort required to codify and input knowledge into electronic knowledge repository (EKR).
184	The importance of economic incentives provided for knowledge contribution to electronic knowledge repository (EKR).
185	The perception of increase in reputation due to contributing knowledge to electronic knowledge repository (EKR).
186	The belief that current contribution to electronic knowledge repository (EKR) would lead to future request for knowledge being met.
187	Extent to which an enterprise and its supply chain partner make joint decisions related to their interlinked business activities.
188	The confidence in one's ability to provide knowledge that is valuable to the organization via electronic knowledge repositories (EKRs).
190	The belief in the good intent  competence and reliability of employees with respect to contributing and reusing knowledge.
191	The extent to which interlinked processes between an enterprise and its supply chain partner are structured as relatively independent subprocesses with clear interfaces.
192	The prevalence of norms that are intended to facilitate knowledge sharing in the organization.
193	The use of common specifications or formats (similar to those used with other partners) for exchange and processing of information at the interface between an enterprise and its supply chain partner.
194	The perception of similarity of values  membership and the loyalty with the organization.
195	The degree of electronic knowledge repository (EKR) usage to contribute knowledge.
201	Use of IT-based systems by an enterprise to store and retrieve information related to previous exchanges with its supply chain partners.
202	Use of IT-based systems by an enterprise to manipulate and interpret information received from its supply chain partners.
203	Exchange of information covering diverse areas related to interlinked business activities between an enterprise and its supply chain partner.
204	The timeliness  accuracy  relevance  and value of information exchanged between an enterprise and its supply chain partner.
205	Exchange of confidential and exclusive information between an enterprise and its supply chain partners that provides the enterprise a unique perspective.
206	The exchange of information between an enterprise and its supply chain partner to synchronize their interlinked processes.
207	Extent to which an enterprise responds to its supply chain partner's day-to-day needs in an efficient manner.
208	Extent to which working with a supply chain partner allows an enterprise to develop a better understanding of and response to the market and competitive environment.
213	The ideas generated are a measure of the usefulness of brainstorming to organizational groups.
217	Strategic benefits arise through firms positioning themselves to take advantage of opportunities arising in the relationship.
218	Operational benefits arise from lowered transaction and production costs through supply chain management system(SCMS)use.
219	The degree to which a supplier's key business processes such as operating processes  administrative processes  and quality-control processes are particular to the requirements of the focal firms in the relationship.
220	The degree to which a supplier's critical expertise such as competitive analysis and strategy formulation and new-product development are particular to the requirement of the focal firm in the relationship.
221	Exploitation is the extension or elaboration of old certainties. It is the class of actions whose goal is to improve operational efficiencies (e.g.  through increased standardization  tighter process controls  and reduced manual intervention).
222	The pursuit of new possibilities. It is the class of activities whose goal is to learn about the environment and discover novel ways of creating value or solving old problems.
224	The ease with which a supplier can make the transition to working with other customers for their goods in the event they are not able to sell to the focal retailer.
225	Annual sales revenue of the firm.
226	Length of association between firms.
228	Trends in purchases from SuppCo (retail and catalog) over the last 18 months and trends in SuppCo's market share in the vategory over the last 18 months.
229	Subjects' perceptions of performance  productivity  effectiveness  and overall usefulness from using the target IT.
232	The extent to which subjects' pre-usage expectation of technology usage is contravened during actual usage experience.
233	An individual's emotional state following IT usage experience  involves two dimensions: valence (positive versus negative) and intensity.
234	The relative success of a firm (relative to its rivals) in using Web technologies for different e-commerce activities.
235	The extent to which companies were using web technologies in shaping specific strategies.
236	Respondents' ratings of the extent to which senior management actively participated in the management of web initiatives.
237	Respondents' ratings of the extent to which top management believed in the potential of the Web to realize operational and strategic benefits.
238	Respondents' ratings of the importance placed on each criterion for justifying web-based projects.
239	Different types of coordination mechanisms to manage web initiatives.
240	The number of years the firm had been in business.
241	The length of time the company web site had been on the internet.
242	Manufacturing or service industry.
250	Characterized by sources of trust as well as types of trust.  Sources of trust:  Familiarity: Repeated interaction that leads to trust or mistrust.  Calculativeness: A subjective assessment (calculation) of the costs and benefits to the other party of cheating.  Values: Institutional structures that encourage confidence in trustworthy behavior and goodwill.  Types of Trust:  Benevolence: The belief that one partner is genuinely interested in the other partner's welfare and has intentions and motives beneficial to the other party even under adverse conditions for which a commitment was not made.  Credibility: The belief that the other party is honest reliable and competent.
251	The maximum bid the participant is willing to submit to win the product available from the seller.
252	The tendency of a decision maker to take risky actions.
253	The extent to which people of a culture feel threatened by unknown situations.
255	The level of sunk cost in relation to total budget provided to subjects during the experimental scenario  manipulated at 15  40  65  or 90 percent of the total budget.
257	The degree to which one believes that one will receive extrinsic incentives for one's knowledge sharing.
258	The degree to which one believes one can improve mutual relationships with others through one's knowledge sharing.
259	The degree of one's positive cognition based on one's feeling of personal contribution to the organization (through one's knowledge-sharing behavior).
260	The perception of togetherness.
261	The perception that change and creativity are encouraged  including risk-taking in new areas where one has little or no prior experience.
262	The perception that organizational practices are equitable and non-arbitrary or capricious.
263	The degree of one's positive feelings about sharing one's knowledge.
264	The degree to which one believes that people who bear pressure on one's actions expect one to perform the behavior in question multiplied by the degree of one's compliance with each one's referents.
270	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
271	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
272	The extent to which the activity of using the computer is perceived to be enjoyable in its own rights  apart from any performance consequences that may be anticipated.
274	The perceived extent of existing adoption by competitors in the primary industry to which an organization belongs.
275	The extent to which the respondent indicated that competitors that have adopted financial electronic data interchange (FEDI) had benefitted greatly  and had been perceived favorably by others in their industry  supplier industry  and customer industry.
276	Respondents' indications of whether their organization's well-being depended on these supplier adopters  whether they could switch to alternative suppliers  whether it was critical to maintain good relationships with these supplier adopters  and whether these supplier adopters represent the core suppliers in their industry.
277	Whether the parent corporation had adopted financial electronic data interchange (FEDI).
278	The perceived extent of existing financial electronic data interchange (FEDI) adoption by an organization's suppliers.
279	Perceived extent of existing financial electronic data interchange (FEDI) adoption by an organization's customers.
280	Participation in professional  trade  and business bodies that promote and disseminate information on financial electronic data interchange (FEDI) adoption.
281	Respondents' perceived complexity of using financial electronic data interchange (FEDI).
282	Respondents' intention to adopt financial electronic data interchange (FEDI).
283	Existence of electronic data interchange (EDI) applications; participants' indications of whether they had implemented EDI for preorder  procurement  logistics  and invoicing processes.
285	The current number of information technology (IT) professionals in the firm.
288	The cognitive effort needed to learn and to utilize the new information technology (IT).
289	The individual's subjective assessment of the utility offered by the new information technology (IT) in a specific task-related context.
293	Assessment of success due to safety nets such as legal recourse  guarantees and regulations that exist in a specific context.
294	An assessment that the transaction will be a success  based on how normal or customary the situation appears to be.
302	The perception of the user's experience with the Application Service Providers (ASP).
307	Expectations of the ability to perform the promised service dependably and accurately.
308	Expectations of the willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
309	Individuals' judgment of their capabilities to use computers in  diverse situations.
310	A user's satisfaction and understanding of the system and success.
311	Anxiety about the implications of computer use such as the loss of  important data or fear of other possible mistakes.
312	Expectations of knowledge and courtesy.
315	Expectations of providing caring and individualized attention to customers.
316	The extent to which the project entailed joint collaboration between the information systems staff and users  as well as their dependence on each other to accomplish their work.
317	The willingness of an individual to try out any new information  technology.
318	Integration of organizational systems prior to using Application Service Providers (ASP) services.
319	The extent to which information systems staff and users disagreed about how the project was managed  the system's goals  physical design  and implementation.
320	The capability of the application service provider (ASP) in terms of functionality of the software.
321	The general experience of negative emotions such as guilt or shame regardless of the situation.
322	Services agreements that can guarantee network reliability  application reliability and scalability of the software.
323	The internet capabilities of the organization prior to implementing application service provider (ASP) services  including what percentage of revenues is generated from direct online orders; what percentage of procurement of maintenance  repair  and operations items is done online; what percentage of production goods is procured online; what percentage of service requests is resolved electronically; and what percentage of new customers were acquired online.
324	The extent to which information systems staff and users interfered with how the project was managed  the system's goals  physical design  and implementation.
326	The general tendency to experience anxiety when confronted with problems or  challenges.
328	An individual's feelings such as anger and frustration that are likely to result from disagreements with  and interference from  the other party.
329	The consumer's post-purchase response of the discrepancy between prior expectations and actual product performance.
330	Users' intention to continue using online banking division (OBD).
331	Users' affect with (feelings about) prior online banking division (OBD) use.
332	Users' perception of the expected benefits of online banking division (OBD) use.
333	Users' perception of the congruence between expectation of online banking division (OBD) use and its actual performance.
334	The degree of salience of the other person in the interaction and the consequent salience of the interpersonal relationship.
338	Degree to which workers perceive the organization as providing help. caring  and appreciating their efforts.
339	Degree to which person perceives organization as giving fair rewards.
340	Ambiguity  the existence of multiple and (potentially) conflicting interpretations about and organizational situation.
341	Degree to which person feels psychologically detached at work.
342	The degree to which people believe using a particular system would enhance their job performance.
343	Degree to which person performs expected tasks.
344	Members' attraction to the group; a psychological force that binds people together.
345	Degree to which person performs extra tasks.
346	Degree to which person complies with work rules.
347	Loyalty is allegiance to an organization and promotion of it interests. It relates to defending  promoting  and presenting a positive view of the organization.
349	An individual's intention to perform (or not to perform) a specific behavior.
350	Trust is defined as conscious reliance on another person and allowing oneself to be vulnerable to another person in a situation where the other person's behavior is not controlled.     Psychological state comprising the intention to accept vulnerability based upon positive expectations of the intentions or behavior of another.
351	The way a person reasons when faced with an ethical dilemma.
352	The changes in each participant's decision preferences after his or her group had reached a consensus.
353	Degree to which person can fulfill responsibilities and meet quality standards.
354	The degree to which a person has a favorable or unfavorable evaluation of the behavior in question.
355	The moral obligation to performing an act.
356	An individual's strength of conviction or self-regulating skills.
357	The degree to which an individual perceives that a reward follows from his/her attributes or behavior as opposed to forces outside of the individual.
358	The variety of duties  tasks  and activities for a job.
359	The ethical culture of an organization as perceived by an individual.
360	The extent to which a job allows the opportunity to complete an entire piece of work from beginning to end.
361	The extent to which the job is significant and important compared to other jobs in the organization.
363	The extent to which the job allows freedom  independence  or discretion in work scheduling  sequence  methods  procedures  quality control or other decision-making activities.
364	Task Feedback refers to the extent to which the work itself provides feedback and the effectiveness of job performance.
367	A person who is tolerant of ambiguity is able to deal with it  but does not necessarily like it. Such a person seeks it out in order to reduce it: he is tolerant of it only as long as he can do something about it  and his cognitive task is to get rid of it.
368	The degree to which people believe they are masters of their own fate.
371	Innovators are seen as undisciplined  thinking tangentially  approaching tasks from unsuspected angles; could be said to discover problems and discover avenues of solution; and query problems concomitant assumptions.
374	The degree to which computer technology is perceived as relatively easy to understand and use.
376	The prospective user's subjective probability that using a specific application system will increase his or her job performance within an organizational context.
378	The degree of convergence/divergence in the executives' tasks  including whether or not the work was routine in nature  the potential for  right answers   and the typical time frame for decision making.
383	The technical support by individuals (or groups) with computer knowledge who were internal to the small firm.
384	Amount of training provided by other computer users or computer specialists in the company.
385	Perceptions about how useful other people in the organization found the EIS and how they thought it should be used; measured through open-ended interview questions.
395	The perceived level of general support offered by top management in small firms.
396	Executives' perceptions regarding their understanding of the interrelationships among elements of the environment  their ability to predict the impact that environmental change would have on their organizations  their ability to predict the outcomes of their decisions  and the support the executive information system provided to reduce these uncertainties.
397	The technical support by individuals (or groups) with computer knowledge who were external to the small firm.
398	Breadth and depth of operating information  frequency of new and unusual information  and access to external information.
400	The amount of training provided by friends  vendors  consultants  or   educational institutions external to the company.
401	Combination of information from diverse sources.
402	Absence of a predefinition of how data are to be used and analytic and modeling capability.
403	Subjective psychological beliefs regarding the importance and personal relevance of the system to the user.
404	Improvements in efficiency at the organizational level as a result of the executive information system.
405	Affective or evaluative feelings toward the system.
406	Improvements in effectiveness at the organizational level as a result of the executive information system.
410	System usage  frequency of using a computer for job-related work  time spent per day using a computer for job-related work  using a computer to perform specific tasks  and using specific computer software.
411	Perceived ease of use of email.
413	Number of sent and received messages.
414	Satisfaction with the system and training.
416	The sense of human contact embodied in a medium.
417	Subjects' flexibility and willingness to challenge paradigms.
419	Subjects' experience with presentations.
420	Each subject's current score from exams and other course work.
421	The extent to which members are attracted to the group and to each other.
423	Group members' assessment of the interaction process  includes such aspects as trust  openness and participatory equality.
425	Mean of coders' skill ratings.
426	Whether the subject was able to create a presentation and print file.
427	User satisfaction.
428	Subject's perception of there being more to learn.
429	The degree to which an individual problem solver can follow a formal and well-defined search procedure to solve a problem  operationalized as problem size (number of variables)  complexity  variable interdependence  expertise needed  input uncertainty  instability of domain  and labor intensity needed).
431	Presence of unique skills required from expert systems developers (people  models  systems  computers  organizations  and society skills).
434	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
435	A domain expert's quality in terms of communication skills  cooperation  availability  and computers/ artificial intelligence background.
436	User attitude  expectation  and knowledge of computers and artificial intelligence technology.
438	The desirable impact of expert systems on end-users' jobs.
440	Presence of ten features deemed applicable to a wide range of expert systems applications.
441	Currency of data quality  maintenance of the necessary fields or elements of data  and maintenance of data at the right level or levels of data.
442	Ease of determining what data is available and where and ease of determining what a data element on a report or file means  or what is excluded or included in calculating it.
443	User involvement in initiating the project  establishing project objective  determining user requirements  determining ways to meet requirements  identifying sources of data/information  outlining information flow  developing input forms/screens  developing output forms/screens  and determining system availability/access.
444	Understanding expert systems potential benefits  management encouragement to use expert systems  having necessary help/resources  and management interest in end-user satisfaction.
446	Obtaining authorization to access data necessary to do the job.
447	People's judgments of their capabilities to organize and execute courses of action required to attain designated types of performances.
448	Data from different sources can be consolidated or compared without inconsistencies.
449	Whether information systems (IS) meets pre-defined production turnaround schedules.
450	Dependability and consistency of access and uptime of systems.
451	Respondents assessments of the extent to which their use of computers was encouraged by their peers in the work organization  their peers in other organizations  their family  their friends  their manager  other management  and their subordinates.
452	Ease of using the system hardware and software for submitting  accessing  and analyzing data and whether the participant can get the kind of quality computer-related training when they need it.
453	Respondents' indications of the extent to which their peers in the work organization  their peers in other organizations  their family  their friends  their manager  other management  and their subordinates actually used computers.
454	The extent to which assistance was available in terms of equipment selection  hardware difficulties  software difficulties  and specialized instruction  as well as the extent to which their coworkers were a source of assistance in overcoming difficulties and their perception of the organization's overall support for computer users.
455	How well information systems (IS) understands the participant's unit's business mission and its relation to corporate objectives  interest and dedication to supporting customer business needs  turnaround time for a request submitted for IS service  availability and quality of technical and business planning assistance for systems  and how well IS keeps its agreements.
457	Perceptions of physical facilities  equipment  and appearance of personnel.
458	Individuals' affect (or liking) for particular behaviors can under some circumstances  exert a strong influence on their actions.
459	Feelings of anxiety surrounding computers are expected to negatively influence computer use.
460	Perceptions of ability to perform the promised service dependably and accurately.
461	Duration and frequency of use of computers at work and the duration of use of computers at home on weekdays and weekends.
462	American or Saudi.
467	Perceptions of willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
469	Secondary school or less  university graduate  or masters or doctorate.
470	Perceptions of knowledge and courtesy of employees and their ability to inspire trust and confidence.
472	Attitudes toward purchasing behavior and assessment of the beliefs of people who are important to him or her about purchasing a computer.
473	Perceptions of caring  individualized attention the service provider gives its customers.
474	The degree of resource capability factors that may influence the purchase and the availability of computers.
475	Assessment of the need for a computer.
476	The number of programming languages (e.g. BASIC  COBOL  etc.) and software packages (spreadsheets  technical software  statistical software  desktop publishing  databases  accounting software  and word processing) the participant is familiar with.
483	The ability to perform a promised service dependably and accurately
484	Whether the participant reported increase in skill in critical thinking  increase in ability to integrate facts (synthesis)  ability to critically analyze issues  more confidence in expressing ideas  learning to value other points of view  and learning to interrelate important topics and ideas.
485	The ability to perform a promised service dependably and accurately
486	The respondents' feeling of computer dominance.
487	Lack of comprehension of computer concepts  systems  and applications.
488	The willingness to help customers and to provide prompt service
489	Whether the participant reported that they increased their understanding of basic concepts  learned factual material  and learned to identify central issues.
490	The willingness to help customers and to provide prompt service
491	Whether the participants reported that they discussed topics outside the class  did additional reading  and did some thinking for themselves.
492	High expectancies for (or commitment to) socially unapproved means vs. conventional means for the achievement of given goals.
494	The sense of exclusion or rejection versus social acceptance.
496	The knowledge and courtesy of employees and their ability to convey trust and confidence
497	The individual's motives for using computers.
499	The knowledge and courtesy of employees and their ability to convey trust and confidence
500	The individual's rejection of commonly held values in the society (or subsector) versus commitment to the going group standard.
501	The caring attitude which provides individual attention to customers
502	The caring attitude which provides individual attention to customers
503	Participation activities involving a relationship between the users and the IS staff.
504	The extent to which a job involves communication and interaction with individuals outside the person's own department in the form of oral and writting communication  formal meetings  and informal contact.
506	Each individual chose the database management system software package that he/she wanted to use to build the bibliographic database.
507	Managerial assignments or activities that are typically performed by the project leader or manager.
508	Additional work experiences that can affect the quality of work life adversely.
509	Additional work experiences that can affect the quality of work life adversely.
511	Hands-on systems development activities that users personally perform.
512	An affective reaction to the job that is related to but is both conceptually and empirically distinct from job satisfaction  as well as forms of work commitment such as career commitment and organizational commitment.
513	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
514	Career expectations regarding the likelihood of promotability.
515	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
516	Careers expectations regarding internal job alternatives.
517	Indicator of the quality of work life.
519	The overall affective reaction of individuals to their careers.
526	A psychological state reflecting the affective or evaluative feelings concerning a new system.
534	Whether computer-based information (CBI) provides precise information  new information  and up-to-date information.
535	Whether participants  overall  viewed the receipt of catalogs and mail offers at home as  primarily as useful    rarely use but no problem    more as a nuisance   or  more as a privacy invasion.
538	Perceptions about the benefits of direct mail compared with shopping for the same items in a store.
539	Whether the individual perceives that he or she is able to cope with the receipt of unwanted mail.
540	Whether computing saves the manager time in looking for information.
541	The ability of individuals to  opt out - to have their names removed from mailing lists.
542	If time and money must be expended in reorganizing  extracting  aggregating  or otherwise formatting the data for managerial use.
547	Frequency of using a microcomputer  using a microcomputer as a terminal to a larger computer  using a microcomputer on a local area network  and using a computer terminal in doing their job.
548	In doing their job  how often the participant requests others (by phone or in person) to get information from a computerized file and how often their receive reports which contain data from computer files.
560	Location of  mainframe  computing for the specific respondent- computing services solely or primarily from a central installation or computer services solely/primarily from installation located in manager's department.
561	The tendency of individuals to be uneasy  apprehensive  or fearful about current or future use of computers.
563	Perceptions of the competence and productivity of computer.
567	One's beliefs in one's ability to perform a specific task.
568	The users' perceptions of the effectiveness of an information system.
572	Self-rated computer skills  computer experiences  typing skills  and computer usage.
579	Satisfaction with trainer.
582	Objective measures of actual learning. Multiple-choice quizzes about spreadsheet and word processor knowledge.
588	Norms for PC use at the peer  superior  and organizational level.
589	The feelings of joy  elation  or pleasure  or depression  disgust  displeasure  or hate associated by an individual with a particular act.
590	The chief executive officer's participation in information technology (IT) management as reported by the IT manager.
591	The degree to which an innovation is perceived as relatively difficult to understand and use.
592	An individual's tendency to interact spontaneously  inventively  and imaginatively with microcomputers.
597	The extent to which an individual believes that using a PC can enhance the performance of his or her job.
599	The chief executive officer's involvement in information technology (IT) management as reported by the IT manager.
600	Objective factors  'out there' in the environment  that several judges or observers can agree make an act easy to do.
601	Intensity of job-related personal computer use (minutes per day at work)  frequency of PC use  and diversity of software packages used for work (number of packages.
602	Subject's comparison of his or her overall job performance with others in the firm at the same level in the same specialty area.
604	The degree to which the individual has knowledge about what behavior is expected and whether there guidelines concerning appropriate behavior.
605	Perceived usefulness of organizational goals and objectives  primary organizational functions  critical success factors  and environmental constraints.
606	Perceived usefulness of interpersonal communication  interpersonal behavior  group dynamics and project management.
607	The extent to which the person values success.
608	Perceived usefulness of work unit objectives  work unit problems  and links with other work units.
609	The degree to which individuals feel they can control their own destiny.
610	Perceived usefulness of information system policies and plans  fit between information systems and organization  existing information systems applications  information systems/information technology potential  information systems/information technology for competitive advantage  and privacy issues.
612	Perceived usefulness of programming  use of software packages  model building  model application  data access  database development  and data communication.
613	Perceived usefulness of use of specific application systems  use of office automation products  use of operating systems  preparation of documentation  use/understanding of documentation  and information systems evaluation and maintenance.
616	The software developer's comparison of his or her level of native intellectual ability with others in the firm at the same level in the same specialty area.
617	The respondent's rating of their formal training or education relative to others in their firm at the same level in the same specialty area.
623	Importance of  being able to say  no  without being too blunt; displaying tact in dealing with others.
624	Importance of asking the right question in order to obtain the information needed.
625	Importance of giving instructions and communicating user requirements to programming and support staff.
626	Importance of continually refining user requirements by requesting feedback  tolerating lack of computer literacy and specificity.
627	Importance of insisting on a course of action or what one believes in  even though it may be unpopular.
628	Importance of getting work done while keeping the team satisfied; effectively giving rewards and punishment.
629	Importance of converting system specifications into effective and efficient computer code.
630	Importance of presenting your ideas in a manner easily understood by your audience  both in group meetings and person to person.
631	Importance of preparing written documents that accurately communicate ideas in a manner that is easily understood by intended readers.
632	Importance of paying attention to and concentrating on what is being said  and asking questions that refine points about which one is uncertain.
633	Importance of being able to understand how others feel; accurately determining what someone else thinks about an issue.
634	Importance of promoting the system you advocate; persuading others to accept your viewpoint.
635	Importance of understanding what motivates individuals  determining sources of power and influence in an organization.
636	Importance of planning  organizing and controlling projects so that they get done on schedule and within budget.
637	Importance of educating users and other non-technical groups on the capabilities of computers and systems.
638	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
639	Importance of working with others productively; resolving conflict in an effective manner.
640	Importance of sufficiently knowing what the user's functional application entails to accurately interpret what he or she really needs.
641	Importance of having a broad view of company goals and operations; knowing the orientation of senior management.
642	Translating user requirements into functional systems specifications.
643	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
644	Importance of reinforcing the message to others through gestures and facial expressions.
645	Importance of being aware of the implications of design and change for the user community.
646	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
648	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance
659	The correctness of the information contained in the system.
660	The age  timeliness  or  up- to-dateness  of the information contained in the system.
661	The completeness  or comprehensiveness of the information contained in the system.
662	The capability of the system to change or adjust in response to new conditions  demands or circumstances.
666	Extent of user involvement in computer- based information system inplementation.
668	User satisfaction.
670	The attitudes of users to the system being implemented.
672	Degree of stress experienced when system was installed.
675	Users' ratings of the extent and the risk of the design and implementation of the system and an overall assessment of the impact of the system on the organization.
676	The difficulty of determining the information requirements of the system  the complexity of the processing  and the overall complexity of the system design.
678	The extent to which the development of a system was constrained by both time and financial restrictions.
681	Managers attitudes/behavior towards implementation of new system.
682	Managers' content with the computer system.
695	Professional  clerical  or management.
696	Word processor  data base  or spreadsheet.
698	No courses  introduction  or programming.
700	Government  service  manufacturing  management  or distributor.
701	The degree to which a job requires the use of a number of different skills and talents of the employee.
702	The degree to which the job requires completion of a “whole” and identifiable piece of work  that is  doing a job from beginning to end  with a visible outcome.
703	The degree to which the job has a substantial impact on the lives or work of other people- whether in the immediate organization or in the external environment.
704	The degree to which the job provides substantial freedom  independence  and discretion to the employee in scheduling the work and in determining the procedures to be used in carrying it out.
705	The degree to which work activities result in the employee obtaining direct and clear information of his or her performance.
706	Number of systems analysts. Systems analyst refers to an individual who analyzes organizational requirements for information and who designs a computer-based information system to collect  store and disseminate data in support of organizational goals.
710	Degree of end-user involvement in systems development processes.
712	Level of end-user computer literacy.
713	Percent of online applications.
716	Level of information requirements analysis (IRA)  carried out within the organization: reactive  emulation  data analysis  data flow  or complete IRA planning.
717	Years of computer-based information system (CBIS) operation.
718	Percent of special purpose application programs acquired.
719	Number of managers.
722	Each user is individually taught by an instructor or colleague. There are usually few instructional materials  and the material is covered in an order determined by the interests of the student.
723	The instructor is an internal or external  expert . There are instructional materials  and the instructor determines course content. The course is conducted inside the organization.
724	The original term for on-line use of a computer to administer instruction directly to one or more people. In many areas CAI has come to mean computer-based drill and practice; in other areas any computer-based tutorial  particularly one aimed at teaching the use of a particular technology  is referred to as CAI.
725	The perceived effect of the new system on the employees' job performance and performance visibility.
726	This is an application-oriented IS and a guidebook which are used together. The guidebook contains lessons and the application system provides the examples and exercises. ITM is reported to be effective in DSS settings.
727	The perception of the new system's effect on making goals more clear  more agreeable to the employee  and more achievable.
728	This is a passive version of the tutorial technique in that training is user initiated. It takes advantage of the fact that users are more likely to ask when they need to know rather than to attend a course or consult a book or the system itself.
729	The perceived need for results even  if costs are involved  the importance to the employee  their supervisor  and to top management.
731	Most IS contain at least primitive  help  components which give error messages when the user makes mistakes. In some cases short explanations of commands are also provided.  Layered  help components let the user proceed through successive layers of instructional materials  each involving more detail. The  bottom  level may be a CAI system.
736	This includes relevant college courses such as these present in an MBA program  vendor sponsored seminars and independently sponsored seminars. The courses are conducted at sites away from the organization.
737	The current skill level the user felt he/she possessed in programming  using application development software  using packaged application software  using office automation software  building models  accessing data  handling data communications  using hardware  utilizing graphics techniques  using operating system  and understanding and interpreting output.
742	The extent to which user managers are held responsible by their superior for meeting their data processing
743	The extent to which the charges are proportional to the services received.
744	The meaningfulness  accuracy  and timeliness of the data processing charges as perceived by the users themselves.
745	The extent to which user-managers analyze and control their data processing expenses during the budgeted period.
746	The users' power to decide on the quantity and type of services they receive from the data processing department.
747	The meaningfulness  accuracy and timeliness of the data processing charges as perceived by the users themselves.
750	Education consisted of six levels: some High School or Less  High School  Some College  Bachelor's Degree  Some Graduate School  Graduate Degree  Had at least a Bachelor's Degree.
751	Unmarried or married.
752	Professional level or management level.
753	Below $25 000  25 000-34 999  35 000-44 999  45 000-54 999  55 000-64 999  65 00 or above.
754	Number of employees.
756	The number of years an individual had been employed in his/her organization.
757	The number of years an individual had been employed in his/her job.
759	9 years or less  14 years or less  or more than 25 years.
760	Free of organizational constraints and restrictions to pursue their professional competence.
761	Employees who wish to supervise  influence  and lead others  seek promotions to general manager positions as a vehicle to achieve feelings or success.
762	Individuals who need to create something on their own by developing a new produce or service  by building a new business enterprise through financial manipulation  or by starting and building a business of their own.
763	Employees who are dedicated to serve other people and to make the world a better place in which to live and work.
764	Individuals with a desire to develop a lifestyle that integrates family concerns  career concerns  and concerns for self development.
765	Geographical security and the desire for secure ties with the organization.
766	The technical features of the job situation  focusing on a primary interest in the intrinsic  technical content of the work and the functional area represented by the work.
767	The preference for overcoming impossible obstacles  solving unsolvable problems  and winning against extremely capable opponents.
769	Overall satisfaction with the job.
770	The identification with a particular organization  willingness to exert considerable effort on behalf of the organization  and the desire to maintain membership in the organization.
771	Individuals indicated how long they intended to continue working in their current organization.
779	The extent to which employees' current job provided them with various opportunities and rewards.
780	Total number of visits per user  total time spent in the computing resource center  and total number of projects completed in the computing resource center.
781	The extent to which employees' current job provided them with various opportunities and rewards.
782	Interdepartmental communications  including formal and informal written and oral communication.
783	Systems programmers  applications programmers  software engineers  systems analysis  project leaders  computer managers  and consultants.
786	Concern that extensive amounts of personally identifiable data are being collected and stored in databases.
788	Concern that information is collected for one purpose  but it is used for another  secondary purpose after disclosure to an external party (not the collecting organization)  and a concern that information is collected from individuals for one purpose  but it is used for another  secondary purpose (internally within a single organization) without authorization from the individuals)
789	A multidimensional attitude towards various aspects of the MIS such as output quality  man-machine interface  EDP staff and services  and various user constructs such as feelings of participation and understanding.
790	Concern that data about individuals are readily available to people not properly authorized to view or work with this data.
791	Users' ratings of their perceived frequency and regularity of management information systems (MIS) usage.
792	Concern that protections against deliberate and accidental errors in personal data are inadequate.
793	Years of computer experience.
794	Percent of applications developed internally.
795	Presence of in-house processing.
796	Number of administrative applications.
797	Presence of interactive online applications.
798	Organizational level of management information system (MIS) supervisor.
799	Level of remoteness of a firm's location.
800	Future behavioral intentions with respect to information privacy.
805	The degree of acceptance or rejection of the values  norms  and practices of society.
818	The individual's crossing of intradepartmental and inter-organizational boundaries in order to perform his/her job.
819	The lack of clear and precise information regarding what is expected of the role encumbent.
820	When an individual receives conflicting job performance information or is expected to do too much.
821	Whether the participant selected face-to-face  the richest communication medium that allows rapid mutual feedback.
823	Whether the participant selected the telephone  for which feedback capability is fast  but visual cues and body language are filtered out.
824	Whether the participant selected written  addressed documents including notes  memos  and letters.
825	Whether the participant selected unaddressed documents  including fliers  bulletins  standard reports.
826	The existence of multiple and conflicting interpretations about an organizational situation.
833	Number of job related publications that they regularly read or scanned.
850	Extent of use of information systems developed to reduce the cost of business activities.
851	Extent of use of information systems developed to assist in monitoring  controlling and designing business activities.
852	Extent of use of information systems developed to assist formulating business strategies.
853	Extent of use of information systems developed to establish a competitive advantage in the market.
854	An organization's absorptive capacity reflects its capability to “absorb”  through its internal knowledge structures  information regarding appropriate innovations so that these innovations can be applied in support of operational or strategic activities. A major component of an organization’s absorptive capacity regarding IT is represented by the conjunction of IT-related and business-related knowledge possessed by and exchanged among IT managers and business unit or line managers.
856	The extent to which each IT group had implemented project planning  project assignment  project scheduling  project controlling  project requirement control  application and software development  application and software procurement  education and training.
857	The extent to which each IT group had implemented business strategic planning  architecture definition  IS strategic planning and control  data planning  systems planning.
858	The extent to which each IT group had implemented service level planning  audit planning  project controlling  project requirement control  project evaluating  change control  resource and data inventory control  problem control  service evaluating.
859	The extent to which each IT group had implemented service market planning  skill planning  budget planning  tactical plan management  service evaluation  financial administration  education and training  customer services  service marketing.
860	The extent to which each IT group had implemented systems planning  service level planning  recovery planning  security planning  capacity planning  resource and data performance.
861	The extent to which each IT group had implemented product and distribution scheduling  hardware and facility installation  production  distribution.
862	The extent to which each IT group had implemented tactical plan management  management systems planning  management systems monitoring  management systems development  staff performance.
863	The extent to which each IT group had implemented audit planning  application software development  maintenance  tuning and systems balancing.
866	Consists of information gathering techniques  systems design topics  file design  planning and control of systems projects  human relations in systems development and human factors in equipment design and work layout.
867	Managers' perception of the importance of skills such as introductory computer and information systems concepts  applications programming languages  job control languages  database management systems  operating system characteristics  hardware characteristics  minicomputer characteristics and uses and telecommunications concepts.
868	Managers' perception of the importance of skills such as computer security controls and auditing  software package analysis  computer scheduling  legal aspects of computing and improving computer center productivity.
869	Managers' perception of the importance of skills such as introductory statistics  computer simulation  statistical decision theory  regression analysis and sampling theory.
870	Managers' perception of the importance of the skills such as list processing and sorting.
871	Supervises both the systems development staff (i.e.  analysts and programmers) and the operations staff (i.e.  operators  librarians  input/output control clerks  and data entry personnel) He is responsible for the efficient utilization of resources within the information systems area while accomplishing departmental and organizational goals.
872	Concerned with defining the users’ information needs and then building a system to generate the required information. He will define the content and structure of input forms  output reports  and files.
873	Primarily responsible for program development once the system analyst has defined the inputs  outputs  and files.
874	The number of memberships in job related organizations held.
875	The length of time they had been employed by the organization.
878	Highest degree held.
879	The difference between the information on hand and the information needed to complete a task. Measured using a four item scale.
880	Adequacy of information on hand.
881	The perceived rate of change of the task environment measured from no change to complete change (100%).
882	Subjects' ratings of the degree to which environmental elements related to the input environment are relevant to the conduct of their job.
883	Subjects' ratings of the degree to which environmental elements related to the output environment are relevant to the conduct of their job.
884	Subjects' ratings of the degree to which economic elements related to the input environment are relevant to the conduct of their job.
887	Methods used to access these external databases. Direct (end users) or Chauffeured (Intermediary) users  combination of both  or neither.
890	The extent to which role expectations are incongruent with the orientations  standards  or values of the focal person.
891	The extent to which role requirements are incompatible with the resources or capabilities of the focal person.
892	The extent to which role requirements or expectations from one party oppose those from one or more other parties.
894	The degree to which desired expectations are vague  ambiguous  or unclear  thereby making it difficult for the person to fulfill the requirements (of his role).
895	Behavior that enhances someone else’s feeling of personal worth and importance.
896	Behavior that stimulates an enthusiasm for meeting the group’s goal or achieving excellent performance.
897	Behavior that helps achieve goal attainment by such activities as scheduling  coordinating  planning  and by providing resources such as tools  materials and technical knowledge.
898	Behavior that enhances someone else’s feeling of personal worth and importance.
899	Behavior that stimulates an enthusiasm for meeting the group’s goal or achieving excellent performance.
900	Behavior that helps achieve goal attainment by such activities as scheduling  coordinating  planning  and by providing resources such as tools  materials and technical knowledge.
901	Behavior that encourages members of the (work) group to develop close  mutually satisfying relationships.
902	Behavior that encourages members of the (work) group to develop close  mutually satisfying relationships.
912	Companies' classification as more or less mature in terms of their information systems activities.
913	Perceived usefulness of people skill.
914	Perceived usefulness of organizations skill.
915	Perceived usefulness of society skill.
916	Perceived usefulness of systems skill.
917	Perceived usefulness of computers skill.
918	Perceived usefulness of models skill.
923	$15 000 or less  $15 000-$30 000  or $30 000 or more
926	The extent to which the problems encountered are novel.
930	The clarity of knowing how to diagnose incoming work and selecting an appropriate strategy for dealing with the incoming work and the level to which an individual knows that actions taken in solving a problem will result in a known outcome.
931	The degree of day to day completion of tasks  the frequency of exceptions an individual encounters in his work  and the frequency with which an individual uses the same methods of procedures in completing his or her tasks.
932	Interdependent tasks are intertwined with other organizational members and require the assistance of others for completion.
933	How a job is formalized by the presence of written or unwritten rules  policies and standard operating procedures.
935	Task authority is how much latitude an individual has in making job-related decisions such as what tasks on which to work  how much work to complete  what type of procedures to follow  and how exceptions are to be handled.
2266	A sense of mutual indebtedness  so that individuals usually reciprocate the benefits they receive from others  ensuring ongoing supportive exchanges.
2267	Degree of centrality to the network.
4029	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the attitude and responsiveness of the EDP staff as well as the quality of their relationship with the EDP staff.
4030	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the attitude and responsiveness of the EDP staff as well as the quality of their relationship with the EDP staff.
4031	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4032	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4033	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4034	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4035	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4036	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4037	The respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of output delivered by the information system.
4038	Is the respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of training provided  their understanding of the system  and their participation in its development.
4039	Is the respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of training provided  their understanding of the system  and their participation in its development.
4040	Is the respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of training provided  their understanding of the system  and their participation in its development.
4042	Is the respondents’ self-reported assessment of the quality of training provided  their understanding of the system  and their participation in its development.
21040	Continued adoption or discontinuous.
21041	The degree to which an innovation is perceived as providing greater benefits than the one it supersedes.
21042	Degree to which an innovation is perceived as being simple to understand and use.
21043	Degree to which an innovation is consistent with the adopter’s values  experiences  and needs.
21044	Extraneous elements (outside the control of individual adopters) impacting adoption and post-adoption behaviors.
21045	Approximate month and year in which they first adopted an online service.
21047	The relative influence of external information sources on respondents’ initial adoption decisions.
21049	The average number of times respondents used the service per month and the average duration in minutes they interacted with the service per session.
21052	Whether service discontinuers belonged to the replacement or disenchantment category.
21064	Overall user information satisfaction with the information systems function at the university.
21081	The number of unique ideas generated by a  group.
21082	Group member satisfaction with the brainstorming process and outcome.
21086	Group members generated their ideas orally and these were keyboarded by a facilitator as the discussion occurred.
21087	Group members generated ideas by typing them using a software in which access to  others’ ideas was not allowed.
21088	Individuals typed their ideas and could see a randomly selected subset of other members’ ideas on their screen.  No identifiers were associated with the ideas generated.
21089	Individuals typed their ideas and could see a randomly selected subset of other members’ ideas on their screen.  The software automatically appended the names of the individuals to their respective ideas  as they were generated.
21091	Socially sensitive topics were used (“How can the spread of AIDS be reduced?”  “How can violent crimes be reduced?”).
21092	Four different broad ideas  previously generated by the research team on  the brainstorming topic of the session  were displayed on a public screen for the duration of that session.
21095	Team-reported performance evaluations.
21096	Performance evaluations (assessing performance based on their knowledge of the organizational needs  experience with previous and ongoing system design projects  and their expectation of quality work) by individuals who are not team members but influence design activities and/or are affected by the resulting IS.
21097	Interactions among individuals inside a group that directly influence the task to be addressed  which include maintaining the team's schedule  providing effective plans for coordination  and exploring the best ways to ensure the effective flow of work between team members.
21098	Activities designed to keep information inside the team until the team desires to release the information  and monitor and restrict the teams' external influences.
21099	Processes which help to promote and coordinate the team with outsiders and are aimed at interpreting and influencing the team's environment.
21100	Interactions that affect the emotional well-being of the team and regulate and strengthen internal group interactions.
21101	The breadth of abilities team members provide a group.
21102	The relative importance of the formal leadership role of the project manager.
21103	The relative diversity of the teams' work experience (number of years of experience in the information systems field).
21104	Number of hours of daily use of structured development methods and number of hours of weekly use of structured development methods.
21105	Usage of functionality that enables or supports the interactions of multiple agents in the execution of a planning or design task.
21106	Usage of functionality that directly impacts the capacity of an individual to generate planning or design decisions and subsequent artifacts or products.
21122	The accreditation status of respondent's institution by the American Assembly of collegiate Schools of Business.
21123	Respondent's ratings of each publication based upon their individual and/or faculty view of the publication's quality.
21124	How important the writing of books is toward promotion and tenure/merit in the respondent's department.
21125	How important the writing of journal publications is toward promotion and tenure/merit in the respondent's department.
21126	The relative importance of teaching relative to promotion  tenure  and merit.
21127	The relative importance of service relative to promotion  tenure  and merit.
21128	The relative importance of research relative to promotion  tenure  and merit.
21228	The extent to which an organization attempts to be exhaustive or inclusive in making and integrating strategic decisions.
21229	The existence of structures  techniques  written procedures  and policies that guide the planning process.
21234	The balance between creativity and  control orientations inherent within the process structure  of strategic planning.
21244	The locus of authority  or devolution of responsibilities for strategic  planning.
21250	The breadth of involvement in strategic planning.
21251	The design dimension of planning grounded in strategic management literature that examines speed of decision making and strategic adaptability.
21252	The close linkage of the IS strategy and business strategy that helps facilitate acquisition and deployment of information technology that is congruent with the organization's competitive needs rather than existing patterns of usage within the organization.
21253	The concerted effort to better understand the internal operations of the organization in terms of its processes  procedures  and technologies.
21254	A general agreement concerning development priorities  implementation schedules  and managerial responsibilities.
21255	The school whose theme is the  capture of success  through the innovation and entrepreneurial activity of one or a few top executives.
21256	The school whose theme is  analysis will provide synthesis .
21257	The school whose beliefs are that formal analytical mechanisms are the best means to identify strategic positions while also believing that strategy lies within the domain of executive thinking and conceptualization.
21258	The school whose them is that strategies emerge as planners  sometimes individually  but more often collectively  come to know a competitive context and their organization's capability for response.
21259	The school whose theme of the strategic planning process is strategy making through bargaining and negotiation.
21271	Number of discrete sessions per week each participant logged into the Internet.
21272	Total hours per week the participant was logged into the internet.
21273	Number of e-mail messages sent and received per week.
21274	Participants' loyalty to specific e-mail correspondents.
21275	The number of unique World Wide Web domains or sites visited each week and the addresses of particular html pages participants accessed within those domains.
21276	Participants' loyalty to specific information sources.
21277	The number of hours other household members were connected  amount of e-mail they sent and received  and the number of websites they accessed.
21278	The percentage of weekdays school was in session each week.
21300	Chief Information Officer's (CIO) information technology knowledge as reported by the Top Management Team (TMT).
21301	Chief Information Officer's (CIO) business knowledge as reported by the Top Management Team (TMT).
21302	Top Management Team's (TMT) information technology-related strategic knowledge as reported by the Chief Information Officer (CIO).
21303	Distance between the Chief Information Officer's (CIO) superior and the Chief Executive officer (CEO).
21304	The extent of Chief Information Officer's (CIO) participation in the Top Management Team (TMT).
21305	Frequency of informal interactions between the Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Top Management Team (TMT) members.
21306	Superior firm performance in the use of logistics activities.
21307	Superior firm performance in the use of marketing activities.
21308	Superior firm performance in the use of business strategies.
21309	The extent to which the Chief Information Officer's (CIO) firms had diffused four key information technologies into their organizational information technology infrastructures.
21310	The average sales revenue over 3 years.
21311	The average net income over 3 years.
21312	The average employee base over 3 years.
21329	An ethical predisposition toward laws and the justice system.
21332	The behavioral intention to pirate software.
21333	The notion of information technology's (IT’s) usefulness in providing information that helps managers in decision making  in improving efficiencies  and in installing better overall controls.
21334	A variety of ways in which organizations can  through their information technology (IT) applications  compete and offer new products and services.
21335	Embodying the typical activities undertaken for maintenance as well as focused enhancements of existing systems to meet the requirements of specific constituencies.
21336	The importance of existing systems to the achievement of an organization’s basic operating objectives.
21363	The number of items on the feedback list that were presented more positively than they were written.
21373	The extent to which individuals are concerned about the appropriateness of their behavior  to the extent that they look to others for cues.
21419	Independent evaluations are statements that compare the value of an attribute for a given alternative to some externally identified standard or reference point. For example  statements such as “Apartment F is expensive” or “Apartment G is too far from campus” are independent evaluations.
21420	Elimination statements indicate that an alternative has been explicitly  dropped from consideration prior to a complete evaluation of an  alternative. This occurs when an alternative is eliminated after it has  been found deficient on some attribute. For example  “The rent is  too high so I am going to drop Apartment C.”
21421	Compensatory statements involve the aggregation and/or trade-off  of two or more attributes for a single alternative. For example  a  statement such as “Rent per square foot is good for Apartment A ”  “I am willing to accept the noise level of Apartment M because of  its cleanliness ” or “When I add up all these factors it is clear that D  is the best choice” are all considered compensatory statements. They
21422	Indicative of the overall amount of information processed in completing the task.
21615	How long respondent has been using the World Wide Web.
21616	On average  how many hours a week respondent uses the World Wide Web.
21617	How long respondent has been using the portal site.
21618	In the course of the past 4 weeks  how many times respondent has visited the portal site.
21621	Customer's satisfaction with the service.
21622	How well the customer feels that the service can be personalized to meet his or her needs.
21623	The effort required to learn the routines and procedures of a service
21624	Affection-related evaluations that differed from behavioral consequences.
21625	The extent to which a customer feels dependent on a service because of economic  social or psychological investments that would become useless in other services.
21626	The degree to which a customer thinks he or she will rely upon the service.
21627	A customer's intention to recommend the service to others.
21628	Person's willingness to pay even a small fee for a service currently available for free.
21629	The lack of interest in alternative online services.
21630	The assessment of the quality of the task performed by the individual or the pair on the programming task  how well the code satisfied the requirements stipulated in the problem statement and produced correct results.
21631	Affective response of the individual to the overall task .
21634	The strength of the participant's belief about the quality of his/her programming solution.
21635	Participant worked individually on a programming task in Java.
21637	Participants worked as a pair on a programming task in Java.
21638	Weighted average GPA in all Information Systems courses taken at the university.
21653	One party's belief that its requirements will be fulfilled through future actions undertaken by the other party.
21657	When the subject expected to opt-in to the electronic health records.
21658	Attitude toward the use of electronic health records (EHRs) before and the presentation of the description of the electronic health records and after the survey using polar adjectives: bad or good  foolish or wise  unimportant or important.
21660	Frequency with which the subject uses health services  including visits to a healthcare provider in the past 6 months  number of prescription medications  and number of chronic illnesses.
21661	Privacy concerns relative to health data concerning any and all parties involved in the health care process  such as doctors  hospitals  clinics  health insurance providers  payers  pharmacies  etc.
21662	The cognitive ability of a subject to process the information presented in the message  operationalized as education  computer skill  and experience.
21663	Participant's intention to use the system in the future.
21664	Participant's access to help concerning the system.
21666	Control of knowledge  information and other resources relevant to the use of the new information system.
21667	The employee's ability to cope with the new information system using the help of peers.
21668	The employee's ability to influence the deployment of the new information system.
21669	The amount of time an employee is engaged in hands-on interaction with the computer-based system.
21694	The seller had high-expected-value tickets (21 points) which resulted in higher power.
21695	The difference between an individual’s offer and the average offers made by all first movers.
21696	If the second mover was the seller  his/her offer was subtracted from the average seller-as-first-mover offer.  If the second mover was the buyer  the average for buyer-as-first-mover offer was subtracted from his/her offer.
21697	Each buyer’s perceived expected value was subtracted from his/her offer to determine his/her concession making. Each seller’s offer was subtracted from his/her perceived expected value to determine his/her concession making.
21698	Whether negotiators’ offers were equal  resulting in the lottery ticket being exchanged from seller to buyer.
21699	The extent to which images on the website  are perceived as appropriate and aligned to user expectations  satisfying  or interesting.
21700	The extent to which a medium allows users  to experience others as being psychologically present.
21702	Average time spent viewing manipulated images as a percent of the total time spent viewing the webpage.
21703	The number of eye fixations on the manipulated images as a percent of the  total number of eye fixations on the webpage.
21704	Canada  Japan  or Germany.
21707	Whether or not the participant followed the top recommendations provided by the decision aid.
21708	Decision makers’ perceptions of the extent to which their preferred  decision processes are constrained by the functionalities and  support provided by a decision aid.
21709	Whether the participant was given an elimination aid  addictive-compensatory aid  or hybrid aid to help them decide which digital camera to buy.
21710	The overall evaluation of change related to a new information system implementation based on the comparison between benefits and costs.
21711	Opposition of a user to change associated with a new information system implementation.
21712	Disutility associated with switching to a new alternative.
21713	Utility associated with switching to a new alternative.
21714	The internal means of achieving control of the changed situation.
21715	The external means of achieving control  of the changed situation.
21716	Colleagues’ opinions toward the new information systems-related change.
21750	The quality of reporting from the project manager to the project executive  including dimensions of timeliness  accuracy  adequacy  completeness  and credibility.
21752	Whether a project produces high quality deliverables in an efficient manner.
21753	The extent to which the manager reports a project to be in a better situation than s/he truly believes.
21754	The extent to which the manager portrays a project to be in a worse shape that s/he perceives it to be.
21755	Executive's level of familiarity with the information systems (IS) development process.
21756	The quality of project-related information that is provided to the project manager by his/her executive.
21757	Project manager's behavioral reliance on the executive under a condition of risk.
21758	The perceived influence the executive has over the career of the project manager.
21759	The perceived ability of the report receiver to access organizational resources.
21760	Whether or not both the project executive and project manager are employed by the same organization.
21761	The percentage difference between actual project costs and budgeted project costs  used as an objective measure of project success.
21762	Client satisfaction with the final product.
21763	Differences in client-vendor work norms as related to process versus result orientation.
21764	Differences in client-vendor work norms as related to employee versus job orientation.
21765	Differences in client-vendor work norms as related to parochialism versus professionalism.
21766	Differences in client-vendor work norms as related to open versus closed system.
21767	Differences in client-vendor work norms as related to loose versus tight control.
21768	Differences in client-vendor work norms as related to normative versus pragmatic orientation.
21769	Absolute distance between the leader’s and client representative’s uncertainty avoidance scores.
21770	Absolute distance between the leader’s and client representative’s long-term orientation scores.
21771	Absolute distance between the leader’s and client representative’s power distance scores.
21772	Absolute distance between the leader’s and client representative’s individualism/collectivism scores.
21773	Absolute distance between the leader’s and client representative’s masculinity/femininity scores.
21774	Client trust in the vendor.
21775	Whether a project team had a client representative or not.
21776	Number of times the client visited the project site.
21777	The number of times the members of the project team visited the client site.
21778	Number of adjusted function points.
21779	Number of formal written changes to requirements that were made to the contract.
21780	Number of lines of code.
21781	The number of months taken to complete the project.
21782	How specific expectations such as time and quality for activities were given for service level agreements.
21783	Whether risk sharing for the vendor and client were just time-and materials  fixed price  or fixed price plus incentives and/or penalties for meeting or missing performance targets.
21784	Number of previous projects that the vendor had completed for the client firm.
21785	Project leader’s experience with managing offshore IS projects  how many projects a leader had previously managed.
21787	A  set of beliefs held by the targeted users of information systems associated with the eventual performance of IS and with their performance using the system
21788	The ratio of needs being fulfilled (benefits received) to the effort (inputs) required to fulfill work performance.
21789	The ratio of needs being fulfilled (benefits received) to the effort (inputs) required to fulfill self-development.
21790	The ratio of needs being fulfilled (benefits received) to the effort (inputs) required to fulfill relatedness.
21791	Affective and cognitive evaluation of the entire information systems user experience.
21792	Whether the information output from the information system is useful to the end user.
21793	Whether the system output from the information system is useful to the end user.
21794	Whether the system support service output from the information system is useful to the end user.
21798	Whether the consumer is in the requirements determination (determining exactly what he needs/wants to purchase)  vendor selection (gathering information to choose among vendors)  purchase (completing the purchase transaction)  or after-sales service stage (maintaining and upgrading the product).
21799	Individual’s evaluation of the behavior of interest.
21800	The extent to which performing the behavior enhances the effectiveness of personal related activity.
21802	The degree to which users perceive a particular system as enhancing their performance.
21804	The pleasure and inherent satisfaction derived from performing the behavior of interest.
21806	The perceived expectation from family  relatives  friends  and peers for an individual to perform the behavior of interest.
21807	An affective perception by individuals of their level of control over the environment and their actions.
21808	A customer’s perception of the efficiency of interaction with a seller.
21809	The perceived expectation from the government institutions for individuals to perform the behavior of interest.
21810	The intrinsic enjoyment of the interaction with the website.
21811	A user’s beliefs about the reliability  credibility  and accuracy of information gathered through the web.
21812	The belief in one’s capabilities to organize and to execute the course of action required to attain a goal.
21814	User perceptions of a channel’s ability to provide information and clear understandable explanations to educate the user on the product.
21815	Participant's intention to return to the web site.
21817	The degree to which an individual believes that performing the behavior of interest would be free of effort.
21820	Choice set size.
21821	Learning about auto insurance terms and definitions.
21822	Whether participants used a system where they can immediately see the product’s attributes(e.g.  color) and their values (e.g.  green) and they can construct their most preferred choice.
21823	The extent to which a respondent had confidence in information obtained through the web versus that obtained from an agent with respect to both the lowest price available for a policy as well as recommendations on suggested coverage  levels.
21824	The convenience of obtaining information on the lowest price for a policy or obtaining recommendations on suggested levels of coverage.
21825	The perceived convenience of transacting through each channel  and confidence in transacting through the channels.
21826	The availability of the technology to perform the behavior of interest.
21827	The perceived expectation from an individual’s key referents to perform the behavior of interest.
21828	An individual's perception of existence or nonexistence of required resources and opportunities to perform the behavior of interest.
21829	Consumer’s intent to use the web for information gathering (information about auto policy coverage options  auto insurance companies  prices  and recommended coverage levels).
21830	The intention to continue using the technology.
21831	Intended use of the web to purchase auto insurance and file claims.
21833	The proportion of adopters in an individual’s personal network.
21838	The extent to which their agent provides specific services and how important  each service is to them.
21840	Beliefs about competence  benevolence  and honesty of the agent (interpersonal trust).
21842	Web experience in purchasing.
21843	Perceived value of shopping on the web.
21844	Customer perceptions of the relative advantage of electronic channels.
21845	The extent to which a consumer plans  to use the web to interact with an insurance provider.
21846	Subject's attitude toward technology.
21849	Subject's intention to use the system.
21851	To what extent the customer met the obligation of achieving consensus on development roadmap by not being too forceful or dominant in pushing own agenda and also accepting a general roadmap (vision) of future functionality rather than seeking a precise requirements specification.
21852	To what extent the customer met the obligation of project ownership by providing senior management with commitment to the project  providing R&D resources to further develop the project  and helping to improve the quality of the software.
21853	To what extent the customer met the obligation of marketing project to increase visibility by providing professional expertise in relation to marketing and productizing the software  seeking to improve the reputation of the community of contributors  and providing a business opportunity for the community to use that product.
21854	To what extent the customer met the obligation of transparency and close project monitoring by being transparent in plans for the future of the project  being open to outside contributions  and using an appropriate license to safeguard community contributions.
21855	To what extent the customer met the obligation of creating a sustainable ecosystem by seeking to create trust in the relationship with the community  engaging in community-sustaining activities  behaving as a responsible member of the opensourcing ecosystem  and preserving continuity by keeping developers on projects for a longer period than the norm in proprietary software development.
21856	To what extent the community met the obligation of clear and democratic authority structure and process transparency by providing a transparent authority structure to allow customer to see the decision making process within the community and behaving as a professional team.
21857	To what extent the community met the obligation of responsible and innovative attitude by taking responsibility and delivering on what is committed to  being creative and innovative in suggesting new functionality and directions for the project  and helping to achieve a positive impact among customers.
21858	To what extent to community met the obligation of creating a sustainable ecosystem by offering high quality people who understand the project domain very well without requiring additional training and exhibiting loyalty and continued involvement in the project.
21859	To what extent the project was perceived as successful.
21861	The amount of previous contracts with the vendor in U.S. dollars.
21862	Whether the contract is managed on a fixed price or on a time and materials basis.
21863	Project development duration in days.
21864	The average of perceived complexity of the outsourced software module.
21865	Duration of the testing period in days.
21866	International vendors are those whose headquarters are abroad.
21867	Price in U.S. dollars of software development project.
21868	Number of external documents referenced.
21869	Vendor size in number of employees.
21871	Number of pages in the contract.
21872	Penalties that will come into effect and the client will be compensated should the vendor breach the contract.
21882	The depletion of one's emotional  mental  and physical resources.
21883	Employees' job satisfaction.
21885	A sense of uncertainty about what is expected  how to achieve expectations  or the consequences of job performance.
21887	An incompatibility between job expectations that may originate from one or more individuals with whom an employee interacts.
21888	The degree to which an employee has discretion over how to perform work responsibilities and should experience greater felt responsibility for the work.
21894	The negative conflicts between norms of emotional display and an employee's felt emotion.
21895	The positive conflicts between norms of emotional display and an employee's felt emotion.
21910	The degree to which a person has formulated conscious plans to perform or not perform some specified future behavior.
21911	The degree to which an individual believes that an organizational and technical infrastructure exists to support use of the system.
21922	How well participants understood the domain represented in the unified modeling  language class diagram.
21923	Time taken to provide a problem solution.
21924	Participants’ perceptions about the ease of use of the unified modeling  language class diagram they employed in their problem-solving tasks.
21925	The participant was given a unified modeling  language representation that had both composites and components in part–whole relations represented as entity classes in a unified modeling  language class diagram.
21926	The participant was given a unified modeling  language representation that had components represented as entity classes in a unified modeling  language class diagram.
21942	The number of clicks used to complete the survey.
21943	Users' perceptions of the usefulness of the new system.
21944	Users' perceptions of the usefulness of the new system.
21945	Users' perceptions of the ease of use of the new system.
21946	Users' perceptions of the ease of use of the new system.
21952	Degree to which an internet user is concerned about online companies’ practices related to the collection and use of his or her personal information
21953	Degree to which an internet user perceives as fair the benefits he or she receives from online companies in return for the release of personal information.
21954	Degree to which an internet user perceives that online companies give him or her procedures for control of information privacy and make him or her aware of the procedures.
21955	Degree to which an internet user perceives of online companies as honest and trustworthy in complying with their promises related to information privacy.
21956	Degree to which an internet user perceives that complaining about privacy invasions will benefit other internet users by preventing them from being similarly victimized.
21957	Extent to which the participant indicates they would refuse to give information to online companies because they think it is too personal within the next three years.
21958	The extent to which the participant indicates they would falsify some of their personal information if it was asked for by online companies within the next three years
21959	The extent to which the participant indicates they would take actions to have their information removed from online companies’ database when their personal information was not properly handled
21960	The extent to which the participant indicates that they would speak to their friends and/or relatives about their bad experience with online companies’ mishandling personal information when their personal information was not properly handled.
21961	The extent to which the participant indicates they would write or call online companies to complain about the way they use personal information when your personal information was not properly handled.
21962	The extent to which participants report they would write or call an elected official or consumer organization to complain about the way online companies use personal information when their personal information was not properly handled.
21963	An individual's self-reported subjective probability of his or her performing a specified behavior  based on his or her cognitive appraisal of volitional and non-volitional behavioral determinants.
21964	The amount of clock time spent using a system.
21965	Frequency of using a system.
21966	Intensity of using a system.
22002	The percentage of the firm's business processes that are using the system.
22003	The number of a firm's business functional areas automated by enterprise resource planning technology.
22004	The vertical impact of enterprise resource planning systems on their business activities  ranging from planning to decision making
22005	The extent to which top management considers that using the enterprise resource planning system can potentially benefit the organization.
22006	The extent to which top management actively participates in the management of the enterprise resource planning initiative.
22007	The perceived extent to which competitors have benefited from assimilating enterprise resource planning.
22008	The extent of formal and informal pressures perceived by virtue of the competitive conditions  and requirements and incentives from the local government and industry associations.
22009	The perceived extent to which members of the dyadic relational channels have adopted enterprise resource planning and the extent to which the government and industry agencies promote the use of information technology and especially enterprise resource planning systems.
22010	The readiness of the organization for assimilating enterprise resource planning systems.
22011	The perceived alignment between the IT innovation and the culture  values  and preferred work practices of the assimilating organization.
22012	The perception that one has too much to do.
22013	The degree to which the job provides substantial freedom  independence and discretion in scheduling the work and in determining the procedures to be used in carrying it out.
22014	A form of inter-role conflict in which the role pressures from the work and family domains are mutually incompatible in some respect.
22015	Perceived fairness of rewards.
22016	Salient frustration about job outcomes.
22017	The extent to which one is involved in  and identifies with  one's organization.
22019	Human relations and flexibility  belonging  trust  and participation.
22020	Growth  resource  acquisition  creativity  and adaptation.
22021	Security  order  and routinization.
22022	Productivity  efficiency  and goal achievement.
22023	Maximum intensity of systems development methodology use.
22024	Systems development methodology use across the organization.
22034	The amount of information needed to fully specify attributes.
22035	The extent to which the firm emphasizes developing long-term supplier relationships.
22036	Annual sales revenues (less than $1 million  $1-$10 million  $10-$100 million  $100 million-$1 billion  or greater than $1 billion).
22037	Respondent's ratings of the likelihood of reverse auction use for production goods.
22038	Manufacturing capability  warranty implications  and criticality in  terms of interaction with other components in an assembly.
22039	Supplier’s track record of continuous improvement in existing products  development of new products  and investment in keeping abreast with technological developments.
22040	Exchange of proprietary information between buyer and supplier for cost reduction and involvement in planning and goal setting activities.
22041	Supplier’s sensitivity and ability to respond quickly to buyer’s needs and to keep buyer updated on the requests.
22042	Buyer’s perception about supplier’s trustworthiness  confidence in supplier  and belief that supplier will honor its promises.
22043	Willingness of supplier to modify a contract  make necessary adjustments  and react to buyer’s requests that may be beyond the terms of a contract. Flexibility relates more to the strategic aspects of a relationship while responsiveness (see above) relates more to operational issues.
22044	Information system sophistication.
22045	The extent to which the firm emphasizes competing on cost or differentiation.
22046	The degree to which investment in a particular asset has lower value in its next-best use.
22064	Subjects' tendency to trust others.
22065	How many times the subject has encountered personal information misuse.
22066	How many times in the past year the subject has shopped using the internet.
22067	Subjects' concerns with their privacy over the Internet.
22068	Whether subjects knew what a cookie is  if their browser accepted cookies  and what their cookie preferences were set to.
22073	Subjects' familiarity with local privacy seals.
22074	Subject's tendency to lie.
22075	Subject's trust in the company in handling their private information.
22076	Subjects were given no assurance of privacy.
22077	Privacy was assured by only a privacy statement.
22078	Privacy was assured by both a privacy statement and a privacy seal.
22079	Subjects were informed that they would receive a check upon completing the main survey  it varied from 1 to 9 Singapore dollars.
22081	The number of mandatory items in the main survey.
22507	Manufacturer’s price for a new product on Amazon’s new market.
22508	Final list price at which the used-good transaction occurred.
22509	The seller’s self-reported condition of their product  from like new to acceptable.
22510	The seller’s average numeric reputation score on Amazon.
22511	The total number of lifetime ratings the seller has received.
22512	Number of competing offers at any given time for a product.
22513	Number of days it took for a product to be sold after being listed.
22514	Number of used goods of a given product sold by a seller per week.
22515	Brand unreliability rankings imputed from Consumer Reports.
22516	Position of the used-good offer on the screen.
22517	The proportion of positive ratings the seller has received.
22518	The proportion of negative ratings the seller has received.
22519	Whether the feedback provided for the seller had comments about the seller service quality.
22520	Whether the feedback provided for the seller had comments about the product condition.
22521	Whether the product had a condition equal to five or above.
22522	Whether the seller had an average numeric reputation less than four.
22523	Ratio of difference between the new good price and the used good price (sold price) to the new good price.
22524	The current demand for the given product  taken from Google trends.
22584	The behavioral  cognitive belief.
22591	The normative  external pressure.
22816	Tight quality control  ensuring products for high price markets  marketing products for high price markets  warranties and guarantees  and production of luxury products.
22817	Strategic procurement of supplies  process innovations  just-in-time manufacturing  efficient inventory management  honing operating efficiency  and reducing production/operating costs.
22818	New product development  ongoing development of existing products  having a broad selection of products  excellent customer service  prompt delivery  catering to market niches  amassing special data on clients  customizing products for users  competitive pricing  advertising  promotion brand identification  and attractive design or packaging.
23439	The extent to which consumers actually understand product information.
23440	Consumers' perceptions of the extent to which a particular website is helpful for them to understand products in online shopping.
23441	The extent to which a particular website is expected to help online consumers to accomplish their shopping goals.
23442	Consumers' intentions to revisit the website.
23443	Whether the participant viewed a static-picture format  which presents product information on a website through static images combined with relevant explanatory  text or hypertext descriptions.
23444	Whether the participant viewed a video without narration format  which presents product information on a website by continuous video demonstrations  including dynamic visual stimuli such as the change of product images and corresponding product sound effects  such as a watch’s alarm and uses text descriptions to explain product features.
23445	Whether the participant viewed a video with narration format  which presents product information on a website by continuous video demonstrations  including dynamic visual stimuli such as the change of product images and corresponding product sound effects  such as a watch’s alarm and detailed text explanations are narrated aloud in connection with the video.
23446	Whether the participant viewed a virtual product experience  which presents product information by allowing consumers to interact with a  product simulator and sample product features as they can do  in a direct product experience.
23541	Degree of perceived novelty of each concept: abstraction  attribute  class  encapsulation  inheritance  message passing  method  object  and polymorphism.
23542	Subject's object-oriented knowledge.
23543	Level of perceived learning difficulty for each concept  abstraction  attribute  class  encapsulation  inheritance  message passing  method  object  and polymorphism.
23544	Subjects' years of object-oriented experience.
23572	General anxiety about the implications involved in using computers.
23573	A person’s belief in his or her capacity  to perform.
23575	The tendency to be sympathetic  good-natured  cooperative  and forgiving and to help others and expect help in return.
23576	Represents the tendency to be self-disciplined  strong-willed  deliberate  and reliable and to actively plan  organize  and carry out  tasks.
23577	Sociability  cheerfulness  and optimism and the tendency to seek out new opportunities and excitement.
23578	Stock price in each period.
23579	All e-mail messages sent through the provided mailing lists and other e-mail messages that were sent directly to teammates via a special account.
23580	A lack of psychological adjustment and emotional stability and tendency to be fearful  sad  embarrassed  distrustful  and have difficulty managing stress.
23581	Curiosity and willingness to explore new ideas and tendency to devise novel ideas  hold unconventional values  and willingly question authority.
23582	The extent to which team members know who on the team knows what.
23583	The team’s ability to develop overlapping mental representations of how the task can be divided and the relationships between subtasks and  team members.
23584	Team members’ beliefs about one another's ability and reliability to carry out the task.
23589	How often respondents surfed the Internet  visited chatrooms  visited bulletin boards  and looked up specific information; how comfortable they were looking up information  visiting chat rooms  and surfing the Internet.
23593	Various aspects of leadership skills  including team building  goal emphasis  supervisory support  communication skills  and vision.
23594	The extent to which the decision maker feels that he or she has reached a good decision outcome or made a good judgment.
23595	The extent to which an individual makes use of the various applications offered under the umbrella of a single information systems system.
23602	The extent to which people  tend to perform behaviors (use IS) automatically because of learning.
23612	The use of common managerial processes that are likely to enhance  coordination of information technology strategies across business units.
23613	The use of common strategic goals and vendor management processes that are likely to enhance coordination of information technology vendor relations and increase the firm’s negotiation power against information technology vendors.
23614	The use of common information technology-human resources processes that are likely to enable a firm to exploit its information technology skills and know-how across multiple business units.
23615	The use of common hardware  software  and communications technologies across business units.
23622	Ratio of the market value of a firm to the replacement cost of its assets.
23623	Whether a multibusiness firm uses a centralized  decentralized  or hybrid locus of Information technology decision-making authority.
23624	Average return on assets values of all firms operating in the firm’s primary industry.
23625	Average return on assets values of a firm in the three years prior to the measurement of information technology synergies.
23626	Logarithm of the firm’s number of employees.
23676	Consumer-rated importance of information transparency features.
23677	Importance of privacy policy.
23678	Consumer concern for information privacy.
23679	Whether the participant believed his or her privacy had been previously invaded.
23680	Whether the participant uses a computer at home.
23681	Whether the participant uses a computer at work.
23682	Whether the participant sends and receives e-mail.
23683	Whether the participant visits websites.
23685	Highest level of school completed.
23686	Total 1997 household income.
23687	How many people live in the household.
23688	How many children ages 8 to 12 live in the household.
23689	Consumer willingness to be profiled for personalized service.
23690	Consumer willingness to be profiled for personalized advertising.
23728	Experience with the target system (usage right after training  after one month of use  or after three months of use).
23729	The extent to which a person believes that using a technology will enhance her/his productivity.
23730	The extent to which a person believes that using a technology will be free of effort.
23731	Participant's intention to use the technology.
23732	One’s belief about her/his  ability to perform a specific task/job using a computer.
23733	Perceptions of external control.
23734	An individual’s apprehension  or even fear  when she/he is faced with the possibility of using computers.
23735	The degree of cognitive spontaneity in microcomputer interactions.
23736	The extent to which the activity of using  a specific system is perceived to be enjoyable in it’s  own right  aside from any performance consequences  resulting from system use.
23737	The ratio of time spent by the subject to the time spent by an expert on the same set of tasks.
23739	The transfer of information from the Web vendor to the consumer through browsing the vendor's website.
23740	Participant's intentions to get information from the vendor's website.
23741	Participant's overall evaluation of getting information from the vendor's website.
23742	Participant's perception of the expectations of important others about getting information from the vendor's website.
23743	Control beliefs and their perceived power of getting information from the vendor's website.
23744	Consumers' judgments of their own capabilities to get product information online.
23745	Consumers' perceptions of whether getting information online is completely up to them because of the availability of resources and opportunities.
23746	Consumer's belief that the Web vendor will provide valid  accurate  and timely information.
23747	The extent to which a consumer believes that a specific vendor would enhance her  effectiveness in purchasing products.
23748	The extent to which a consumer believes that getting product information  from a website would be free of effort.
23749	Having the time needed to browse for product information is a prerequisite for getting information.
23750	The amount of time it takes for a website to display a requested page from a Web server.
23751	The natural sequencing of web pages  well-organized layout  and consistency of navigation protocols.
23752	A consumer's knowledgeability in getting product information from a vendor's website and making product evaluations.
23753	The frequency of getting information online.
23754	How long the participant had been using the Internet for getting information about products and how much time the participant spent on the Internet getting product information.
23755	Whether the participant had purchased the product from the Web vendor during the last 30 days.
23756	Participant's intentions purchase a product from the vendor's website.
23757	Participant's attitudes toward purchasing a product from the vendor's website.
23758	Participant's perception of the expectations of important others about purchasing a product from the vendor's website.
23759	Control beliefs and their perceived power of purchasing a product from the vendor's website.
23760	Consumers' judgments of their own capabilities to purchase products online.
23761	Consumers' perceptions of whether purchasing products online is completely up to them because of the availability of resources and opportunities.
23762	Consumer's trust in the web vendor when purchasing a product from their website.
23763	The extent to which a  consumer believes that a specific vendor would enhance her  effectiveness in purchasing products.
23764	The extent to which a consumer believes that  purchasing products from a Web vendor would be free of effort.
23765	A product that offers an attractive combination of quality and price.
23766	Having the required monetary resources.
23767	The extent to which a consumer believes that a website is helpful in terms of fully evaluating a product.
23768	The consumers’ belief about the Web vendor’s ability to fulfill security requirements.
23769	To the  consumer's knowledgeability about purchasing products online and  making sound purchasing decisions.
23771	How many times the participant had made product purchases from the internet and the web vendor and how much they have spent on internet purchases.
23772	The reputation of the web vendor.
23773	Prior experience with Windows 95    prior experience with Windows 3.1  prior use of DOS  and prior use of personal computers.
23774	Individual behavior toward new information technology.
23775	Willingness of an individual to try out any new information technology.
23776	Self-efficacy using Lotus 123.
23777	Self-efficacy using Windows 95.
23778	Perceived ease of use of Windows 95.
23779	Perceived ease of use of Lotus 123.
23780	An individual's perception of efficacy in performing specific computer-related tasks within the domain of general computing.
23781	A person's estimate that a given behavior will lead to certain outcomes.
23782	Subjects’ previous experience with different software and Excel skills knowledge.
23783	The subject's score on an Excel skill task.
23785	Decision process employed for each session was characterized as either multiple step or single step.
23786	A product or response that is both novel and appropriate  useful  correct or valuable to the task at hand.
23788	Users' perceptions concerning the quality of fun to use of the software version they used.
23789	The degree to which users find the form and content cues at the individual webpages visually dense and dissimilar.
23790	Users' perceptions of the range of and the degree of connectedness among the information clusters at a website.
23791	Users' perceptions of ambiguity of hyperlinks and uncertainty of the relationship between the hyperlink and the ensuing webpages.
23792	Percentage of white space  graphics count  graphics size  word count  color count  average number of different presentation forms used on a webpage  average internal  external and same page links on the webpage  number of webpages configuring a website  average number of pages from a home page to a page with no more forward links or only links external to the website  coefficient of variation in the number of different presentation  forms (e.g.  text  graphics  video  audio  animation) used across webpages  average pop-up advertisements per webpage  average webpage download time  and number of support tools (e.g.  site map  search option  help links).
23793	The user’s knowledge of the product and frequency of product use.
23794	The user’s knowledge of the website and frequency of visits to it.
23796	Overall satisfaction with the website.
23798	User's initial liking of the products served by the website.
23804	Total number of incidents; theft  replacement  recovery  and legal costs; and opportunity losses or revenues lost due to the unavailability of system resources; subjective seriousness index.
23805	Number of full-time security staff  part-time staff  total security staff hours per week  data security hours per week  salaries of security staff  and success of the security effort  derived from the elapsed months between the inception of security efforts and the occurrence of the abuse
23806	The severity of the disciplinary actions taken against computer abusers and number of informational sources about penalties and acceptable system use
23807	Number of operating system (OS) and database (DBMS) security programs in use and number of specialized security programs in use
23815	Age at time of adoption of software spreadsheet.
23816	Years of education and highest degree.
23817	Count of media sources used in last six months.
23818	Count of affiliations with professional associations and attendance at association meetings over past five years.
23819	How often participant talks to other people about computer-related matters.
23820	Percent of people in network regularly contacted for advice.
23821	Count of interpersonal contacts outside individual's own department.
23822	Percent of network regularly coming to respondent for business-related advice at least once per month.
23823	Percent of network regularly sought out by respondent for business-related advice at least once per month.
23824	Whether the participant was clerical/secretarial  professional/technical  or supervisory/managerial.
23825	Newspapers  TV advertisements  magazines  vendor literature  company publications  or company newsletters.
23826	Consultants  vendor personnel  computer specialists  colleagues  teachers or friends.
23827	Newspapers  TV advertisements  magazines  vendor literature  consultants  vendor personnel  computer specialists at work  teachers outside work  or friends outside work.
23828	Company publications  company newsletters  or colleagues at work.
23829	First year which spreadsheet was used two weeks or more for work-related purposes.
23830	Number of years elapsed since adopting spreadsheet software.
23831	Date of adoption relative to others in sample.
23832	Hearing about spreadsheets for the first time.
23833	Forming an impression about spreadsheet software.
23834	Deciding to use spreadsheet software.
23835	How an individual will behave when interacting with a particular kind of information technology.
23836	The likelihood of an individual choosing to interact with any information technology or not.
23837	The user's subjective probability that using a specific application system will increase his or her job performance within an organizational context.
23838	The degree to which the user expects the target system to be free of effort.
23839	The user's evaluation of the desirability of his or her using the system.
23840	Individual's intention to use the system.
23841	Individual's use of the system.
23842	The individual's perception of a referent other's opinion about the individual's performance of the behavior.
23843	The perceived opinions of referent others.
23844	To the freedom an individual feels you have to make a choice.
23845	The subjective probability that the behavior will lead to a particular outcome.
23846	A rating of the desirability of the outcome.
23847	The extent to which the person wants to comply with the wishes of the referent other.
23848	A perception of the availability of skills  resources  and opportunities.
23849	The individual's assessment of the importance of those resources to the achievement of outcomes.
23850	The degree to which use of the personal work station is compatible with  or requires change  in one's job.
23851	The degree to which an innovation is perceived as being difficult  to use.
23852	The degree to which it is possible to try using the personal work station.
23853	The degree to which the results of an innovation are observable to  others.
23854	The degree to which an individual believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
23855	The degree to which an individual believes that using a particular system would be free of physical and mental effort.
23856	The degree to which using the innovation is perceived as being better than using its precursor.
23858	The degree to which the use of the personal work station enhances one's image or status within the organization.
23859	The visibility of personal work station outside the organization.
23860	The degree to which the use of the personal work station is perceived as being voluntary.
23861	The degree to which the use of the personal work station is a benefit in one's job.
23862	The degree to which the benefits of using the personal work station are measurable.
23863	How many tasks are quantitatively evaluated by an employer  either manually or using a computer monitor  and whether employee had a production quota.
23864	How frequently the employer collects quantitative data about employee performance.
23865	How broad the audience is for quantitative data about employee performance.
23866	How specific is the object of quantitative performance measurement.
23867	Perceived accuracy of computers.
23868	Perception that computer is appropriate device for evaluating the particular employee’s job.
23869	Perception that the employee’s job is primarily quantitative or routine.
23870	Perception of the degree to which the employer relies on qualitative  or subjective  measures of employee performance.
23871	Degree to which the employee considers the qualitative measures used to be acceptable (fair  accurate and appropriate).
23872	Perception of the degree to which the employer relies on quantitative measures of employee performance.
23873	Degree to which the employee considers the quantitative measures used to be acceptable (fair  accurate and appropriate).
23874	Perception that employer considers production an important component of overall performance.
23875	Perception that employer considers service an important component of overall performance.
23876	Degree to which employee believes that production is an important component of overall performance.
23877	Degree to which employee believes that service is an important component of overall performance.
23878	The group's decision ranking among possible solutions (if the group reached consensus) or the average of the ranking of each solution reached by the individual group members (if the group did not reach consensus).
23879	Number of alternatives on the ballot for the first vote.
23880	The presence or absence of complete (100%) agreement.
23881	The amount of time it took the group to reach complete consensus or the total time allotted (30 minutes) if time ran out before complete consensus was reached.
23883	The number of remarks the participant generated during the discussion part of the experimental process.
23884	The total number of group remarks which included swear words  name-calling or insults.
23885	Whether there was assigned leader (who was told   Your responsibilities include helping the group generate possible solutions to the case problem  focusing the discussion  and promoting consensus ).
23886	Whether the group decision support system (GDSS) was anonymous.
23887	Participants were part of a group that used a group decision support system (GDSS).
23888	Participants were part of a group that did not use a group decision support system (GDSS).
23890	Spillover of role interference from the work to the family domain.
23891	Spillover of role interference from the family to the work domain.
23892	How many hours on average the participant spends performing work-related tasks at home on a computer and why they use a computer for job-related work at home.
23893	Time spent on average working at the office.
23894	Time spent on average working at home.
23895	Time spent on average performing home chores such as cooking  cleaning  repairs  shopping  and yardwork.
23896	Time spent on average engaged in activities with their children such as feeding  dressing  washing  going places  helping with homework  talking  reading  disciplining.
23897	Time spent on average reading  hobbies  TV  going to a movie  entertaining friends  and sports.
23899	Investment made to gain a competitive advantage and increase  market share  via sales growth.
23900	The information infrastructure to manage the firm  and meet other management objectives besides cutting costs or gaining sales.
23901	The transactions of the firm and IT investment of this type is usually to cut costs by substituting capital for labor.
23904	Number of nonproduction employees per million dollars sales.
23905	The percent change in the number of nonproduction employees per million dollars sales.
23907	Chief executive officer (CEO) use of the user interface system.
23908	Controller use of the user interface system.
23909	Production manager use of the user interface system.
23910	Political turbulence with the chief executive officer (CEO).
23911	Political turbulence with the controller.
23912	Political turbulence with the production manager.
23914	Chief executive officer's (CEO) demonstration of the belief that the systems will be successful and productive tools.
23915	Controller demonstration of the belief that the systems will be successful and productive tools.
23916	Production manager demonstration of the belief that the systems will be successful and productive tools.
23917	Previous experience with technology.
23933	Communication beyond an employee’s immediate department  including internal verbal and written communication  formal meetings and written communication  and informal contact and written communication.
23934	The degree to which the employee lacks clear information regarding the expectations associated with a role  methods of fulfilling known role expectations  and/or the consequences of role performance.
23935	Incompatibility and incongruity in the expectations associated with a particular job role.
23936	The primary affective reactions of individuals to various facets of the job and job experiences such as the work itself  supervision  co-workers  pay  and promotion.
23938	A strong belief in and acceptance of the organization's goals and values and a willingness to exert considerable effort on behalf of the organization.
23945	The employee’s intent to leave the organization.
23952	High school  bachelor's degree  or graduate degree.
23955	Length of time employee has worked for the company.
23980	Extent to which business units of a firm were spread across distinct industries.
23982	When the user does not have a clear conception of relationships within the system  does no know his present location in the system relative to the display structure  and finds it difficult to decide where to look next within the system.
23983	When a system holds their attention and they are attracted to it for intrinsic rewards.
23984	The nutnber of questions answered correctly during the formal search.
23985	Participant's intentions to revisit the sites in the future.
23986	How long the participant had been using the Internet.
23987	Simple navigation systems present local links to other pages in the site (such as  previous  and  next ).
23988	The degree to which an asset can be redeployed to alternative uses and by alternative users without sacrifice of  productive value.
23989	The computational inability to ascertain the structure of the environment.
23990	Self-interest seeking with guile  to include calculated efforts to mislead  deceive  obfuscate  and otherwise confuse.
23991	Behavior that is intendedly rational but only limitedly so.
23992	The repetitiveness of a certain type  of transaction.
23998	Groups that shape organizations awareness of relevant competencies and response patterns.
23999	The proportion of the total information systems budget allocated to data processing  network/telecommunications  application development/maintenance  end-user support  and systems planning/ management and the proportion of each function outsourced.
24000	Population served by the city government.
24001	The percentage of the total city budget that is allocated for information system expenditures.
24002	Whether the government was classified as professional or political.
24003	The distance of a city government from its respective cluster center.
24004	A person's perception that most  people who are important to him thinks he should or should not perform the behavior in question.
24005	The facility with which one can  learn and utilize the system.
24006	The perceived likelihood that a system will improve one's job performance.
24007	The degree to which gender inequalities are espoused by an individual.
24008	The degree to which the individual emphasizes his/her own needs as opposed to the group needs and prefer to act as an individual rather than as a member of a group.
24009	The degree to which large differentials of power and Inequality are accepted as normal by the  individual.
24010	The level of risk accepted by the individual  which can be gleaned  by his/her emphasis on rule obedience  ritual behavior  and labor mobility.
24011	Behavioral intention to use a specific information technology.
24012	The persuasive strength of arguments  embedded in an informational message.
24013	Belief  affect  and intention regarding information technology acceptance.
24014	The message recipient’s perceived  relevance of an IT system to their work.
24015	The message recipient’s  ability to use IT in general.
24016	The extent to which potential users expect using an IT system  to benefit their task performance.
24017	Expected benefits of information technology (IT) usage.
24018	The extent to which an  information source is perceived to be believable  competent   and trustworthy by information recipients.
24019	How many members comprise the problem-solving group.
24020	The differences between the group members’ individual evaluations of the six strategies taken before their meeting.
24021	How long the problem-solving group met for.
24022	The extent to which group members are able to converge in their judgments about the  relevance and importance of issues in the task context.
24023	Group members’ self-reported confidence in their recommendations.
24024	Group members' perceived quality of the group's recommendations.
24026	What amount of time the group members are task-focused and do not disagree with another (are brainstorming)  based on the Group Working Relations Coding System.
24027	What amount of time the group members are disagreeing with each other  but the disagreements are centered on ideas  and no opposing sides are differentiated  based on the Group Working Relations Coding System.
24028	What amount of time the group members are disagreeing and those disagreements are expressed through the formation of opposing sides  and conflict is personalized  based on the Group Working Relations Coding System.
24029	What amount of time one of the disagreeing sides gives in as a method of resolution of opposition  based on the Group Working Relations Coding System.
24030	What amount of time no resolution occurs and the subject is dropped as a method of resolution of opposition  based on the Group Working Relations Coding System.
24031	What amount of time opposition is resolved by problem-solving discussions  negotiation  or compromise  based on the Group Working Relations Coding System.
24032	What amount of time the group is not task-focused (tangents  joking  and positive socioemotional behavior).
24050	An external-to-internal transfer of  knowledge.
24051	Knowledge integration between IT personnel and clinicians.
24052	Whether the actual completion date exceeded the target completion date.
24053	Number of interfaces to be constructed.
24054	Number of programmers involved.
24056	Intensity of user involvement.
24057	Number of facilities.
24058	Chief information officer's prior project experience.
24059	An external-to-internal transfer of knowledge to the CIO.
24060	Information technology management’s prior project experience.
24061	An internal-to-internal transfer of knowledge to the information technology manager.
24062	The duration of information technology delay.
24063	The degree to which a project team's processes are novel in the context of the project's objectives.
24064	The coordinated application of  individually held specialist expertise in the accomplishment of tasks at the project level.
24065	The diversity in the expertise possessed by the members of a project team.
24066	The level of trust  reciprocity  and closeness of working relationships among the members of a team.
24067	The ability of the members of a team to interrelate in a project's context to the expertise of their peers outside of their own specialized domain.
24068	The rapidity with which the hardware and software central to the project and the skill sets associated with them were changing.
24069	Project manager's assessment of the current stage of the project.
24083	The instrumental value derived from use of a technology.
24084	Perceived cognitive burden induced by a technology.
24085	Possibility offered by the technology of being consistent with a desired work style.
24086	Extent to which a technology “fits” with a user’s current work process.
24087	Extent of fit between the target technology and a variety of users’ past encounters with technology.
24090	Extent to which there is a match between the possibilities offered by the technology and the user’s dominant value system.
24093	How many minutes the participant reports they would use the customer  relationship management system on a typical day.
24095	Whether the participant reports accessing the customer  relationship management system never  a few times a year  monthly  weekly  daily  or nearly all the time.
24099	What percent of features and functions available in the customer  relationship management system the participant reports using on a fairly regular basis.
24104	What percentage of client interactions the participant estimates are managed using the customer  relationship management system.
24106	The participant’s years of experience using a personal computer (PC).
24108	The participant’s months of experience using the customer  relationship management system.
24111	Whether the participant’s job title is administrative assistant  commercial banker  private client advisor  trust expert  investment expert  manager/director  tax expert  corporate client advisor  sales assistant  senior private client advisor  or other.
24121	Participants were part of a group that received enrichment of decision models with cues that direct decision makers toward successful structuring and execution of model components.
24122	Declarative and procedural knowledge about Multicriteria decision making models (MCDM) inputs  computation  and outputs.
24123	The number of minutes between the time when the group began the task (i.e.  following training in the Multicriteria  decision making models (MCDM) and the time the participants announced they had reached a group decision.
24124	The group appreciation of the system and the value they place on the support provided by the Multicriteria  decision making models (MCDM).
24125	The sense of achievement resulting from the use of the Multicriteria  decision making models (MCDM).
24126	The degree to which group members enjoyed using the Multicriteria  decision making models (MCDM).
24127	The extent to which group members understood others’ viewpoints at the end of the meeting.
24128	The degree to which group members felt they critically assessed the alternatives and considered all the viewpoints in the group before making their final decision.
24130	How committed group members were to their group’s decision and their beliefs about its appropriateness given the problem at hand.
24132	The degree of agreement among group members on a set of alternatives.
24156	The number of value chain activities for which a firm has adopted open-standard interorganizational systems.
24161	The extent (percentage) to which each of the major value chain activities has been conducted on the open-standard interorganizational system.
24165	The extent to which distinct information systems are integrated by open Internet standards so that information can flow smoothly between back office systems within the company and between these systems with suppliers.
24167	The extent to which a firm's customers  suppliers  and other vertical partners in its trading community are willing to use or support the open-standard interorganizational system.
24168	The extent of open-standard interorganizational system diffusion among horizontal peers in the same industry.
24169	The operational benefits a firm expects from adopting open-standard interorganizational systems.
24170	The required financial investment in implementing and using open-standard Internet interorganizational systems.
24171	The level of complexity and attendant risk associated with making process changes and the organizational adjustments necessary to accommodate the new open-standard interorganizational system.
24172	Risk and security concerns about transactions conducted over the Internet platform.
24173	The lack of institutional frameworks and business laws governing the use of Internet interorganizational systems.
24174	A firm’s prior experience with electronic data interchange.
24175	The number of employees in a firm.
24176	Whether the firm is in the manufacturing or wholesale/retail industry.
24177	How many telephone mainlines  Internet users and personal computers per 1000 people in a firm.
24202	The ratio of  required semantic elements included in a subject's query to  the total number of semantic elements required in a correctly  formulated query.
24203	User's confidence in the accuracy of their answers.
24204	How well users' self-reported confidence in the accuracy of a query predicts that query's accuracy.
24205	Participants were presented the view that organizes data around things and the properties that define  their states.
24206	Participants were presented the view that   view organizes data around  events and the affected resources and agents.
24207	Participants were presented the view that is state-based in the sense that entities in the diagram are named after things and event-based in the sense that the things around which attributes are clustered are organizational forms and documents (artifacts) used to record data about events.
24327	Difficulties in both physically accessing a source of information and acquiring information from the source once physical access has been gained.
24328	Relevance  accuracy  reliability  and timeliness.
24329	Cue variety enables an individual to both make use of multiple cues and to use cues which possess a wide range of meaning.
24330	Immediate feedback enables an individual to ask questions and instantly receive answers  thus enabling message meaning and appropriateness to be more quickly assessed and modified as necessary.
24331	Message personalization would enable an individual to finely tailor a message being transmitted to best fit the recipient  the situation  or both.
24396	Fit teams were provided communication support using Groove®  a peer-to-peer GSS that offers synchronous text messaging  and ViaVideo®  an enterprise-quality video-conferencing tool that delivers both video and audio.
24397	The accuracy of the selections  submitted by the team for each task.
24398	The time in minutes that the team spent  on the task from the first team member statement to final submission of a team answer.
24399	The subset of the appropriations  performed by the team.
24400	The match between requirements of a task and the information processing  capabilities of the technology to support task accomplishment.
24401	The degree to which a website is congruent with the task's characteristics.
24402	The presence of visual elements  such as colors  that enhance a website's look.
24403	The extent to which the online user believes that his or her shopping productivity will be enhanced by using a particular website.
24404	The extent to  which the activity of using a website is perceived to  be enjoyable in its own right  apart from any performance  consequences that may be anticipated.
24405	A consumer's current state of impulsiveness after being exposed to a website.
24406	The interface that the participants were assigned that included task relevant and mood relevant cues with varying degrees of quality.
24407	The extent to which a product can be used by specified users to achieve specified goals with effectiveness  efficiency  and satisfaction in a specified context of use.
24408	Assesses the informational and transactional capabilities of a Web site.
24409	The pertinence of the content to the core audience.
24410	The appropriate use of multimedia content.
24411	The appropriate range and detail of topics.
24412	The extent to which a Web site’s content is current.
24413	The cognitive effort required in using a Web site.
24414	The organization of the site.
24415	Relating to clear and understandable objectives.
24416	The extent to which the Web site provides information regarding progress to the user.
24417	Captures the advertising of a Web site on the Internet and other media.
24418	Tailoring a Web site to fit a particular user’s needs.
24419	Reflecting the technology-oriented customization of the Web site.
24420	Capturing if the Web site provides users with an opportunity to be part of online group.
24421	The particular prominence given to current trends.
24423	Captures the idea of difficulty.
24424	How the site piques the user’s interest.
24425	Relates to the credibility conveyed by the site.
24426	The extent to which the site provides users an opportunity to control the flow of information.
24427	Browsing and ratings are done on a computer.
24428	Browsing and ratings are done on a hand-held device (cell phone).
24431	The percentage of participants who misunderstood instructions and/or descriptions of categories and subcategories.
24432	Self-reported wireless or web site use.
24433	The degree that group members are active  talkative and forceful in their style.
24434	The degree to which the group is focused on task performance as compared to socioemotional behaviors such as joking around and making light conversation unrelated to the task.
24435	The absolute difference between the subjects' rank ordering and the rank order determined by experts in project planning.
24438	Degree to which responses were complete and formatted  e.g.  using a proper memo format.
24439	Degree to which responses were free of spelling  grammatical and logical errors.
24441	Degree of detail in arranging any meetings called for in the response.
24442	How many people the responses were directed to.
24443	Degree to which responses showed an awareness of underlying problems in the company (i.e.  did subjects use responses only to address the symptoms in the particular piece of mail they were currently responding to  or did they use responses to address underlying causes evident by reading across the in-basket items?).
24444	Perceived level of member knowledge and skill applied during the task.
24445	Perceived level of member effort applied during the task.
24446	Perceived appropriateness of the task.
24447	Participant's satisfaction with the group's task effort and social relations during the task.
24448	Participants were in a group for which the information appeared on the public display screen and were asked to use the computer to give their responses.
24450	Participants were in a group that received hard copies of the information and were asked to write their responses.
24451	An individual's intention to perform a behavior that is defined by the organization as a misuse of IS resources such as sending an inappropriate e-mail  use of unlicensed (pirated)  software  unauthorized access to computerized data  and unauthorized modification of computerized data.
24452	Perceived probability of being punished.
24453	The perceived degree of punishment associated with committing information system (IS) misuse.
24454	User awareness of security policies.
24455	Whether employees are aware of the employer tracking employees' Internet use  recording network activities  and performing security audits.
24456	Whether the employee is aware of the Security Education  Training and Awareness program.
24459	How morally acceptable the employee views the scenario behaviors.
24461	A consumer's subjective belief about the potential uncertain negative values from the online transaction with the selling party or entity.
24462	A consumer's subjective belief that the selling party or entity on the Internet will fulfill its transactional obligations as the consumer understand them.
24463	A consumer's subjective perceptions about the potential values from the online transaction with a certain Website.
24464	Consumer's willingness to make a transaction through the website.
24465	Whether the consumer purchased the product.
24466	What consumers predict they should and will receive from the e-tailor through a specific current e-commerce transaction.
24467	The consumer's perception of how the transaction  including product/service performance  fulfills his or her needs  wants and desires.
24468	The consumer's subjective judgment of the transaction performance against some prepurchase standards.
24469	A customer's cognitive and affective state of fulfillment after the purchase.
24470	A positive attitude reflecting retention to the e-tailor website  intention to repurchase from the e-tailor website  and willingness to recommend the website to friends.
24471	Consumer's disposition to trust.
24472	Consumer's familiarity with the site.
24473	Amount consumer spent.
24501	The degree to which common data definitions and consistency in stored data have been  established across a focal firm's supply chain.
24502	The extent of operational  tactical and strategic information sharing that occurs between a focal firm and its supply chain partners.
24503	A focal firm's responsiveness to customers and improvements in productivity relative to its competition.
24504	Length of product lifecycle and forecast error for products.
24505	Total number of full-time equivalent employees.
24507	The degree to which the focal firm's relationship with customers and information about  their preferences is better than its competitors.
24508	Sales from existing products and from new products and markets.
24509	Flexibility of thought and tolerance of new ideas.
24510	Emotional instability  characterized by insecurity  anxiousness  and hostility.
24511	Compassionate interpersonal orientation.
24512	The degree of organization  persistence  and motivation in goal-directed behavior.
24513	Being sociable  gregarious  and ambitious.
24514	A judgment of one’s capability to use a computer.
24516	Perceived usefulness of technology.
24518	A person’s perception that most people who are important to him think he should or should not perform the behavior in question.
24520	The degree of incorporation of the eproject collaborative system in the performance of tasks in the programs.
24521	The extent to which subjects developed or joined new projects that extended beyond the standard set of assigned projects.
24524	The Euro amount approved for a project.
24525	Benefits-to-cost ratio.
24526	The degree of uncertainty over whether the expected investment benefits are clear  validated  credibly projected  and linked to adequate realization plans.
24527	The degree of uncertainty over the existing level of IT skills and experience being adequate for the project investment.
24528	The degree of uncertainty due to the size complexity of the application task as well as due to dependence on individuals.
24529	The degree of uncertainty about compliance with the firm’s technical architecture  which gives rise to architecture instability and inadequate infrastructural support.
24530	The degree of uncertainty about the application meeting the performance level expected/needed by the intended users.
24531	The degree of uncertainty over the scope of the investment  and hence over the ability of the resulting application to provide the functionality expected/needed by all the target users.
24532	The degree of uncertainty over the organizational support offered at the level of sponsorship  management  business units  and users.
24533	The degree of uncertainty over the ability of the affected business units to handle change.
24534	The degree to which the business environment is unstable and unpredictable to the point where it could impact the ability to fully obtain the expected investment benefits.
24535	The degree of uncertainty over the maturity of the implementation technology.
24536	The degree of uncertainty over the adequacy of project and risk management planning and of the associated processes incorporated into the business case (including contingencies for harnessing partial benefits and limiting loss).
24537	The extent to which a technological innovation is expected to improve the potential adopter’s performance.
24538	The degree to which the potential adopter expects a technological innovation to be free of effort in use.
24541	The degree to which an innovation is perceived to be superior to current offerings.
24542	Years of experience using Microsoft Office.
24543	Whether the participant is currently using OSS at work or home.
24544	The degree to which an innovation is perceived to be easy to use.
24545	Perceived usefulness of Microsoft Office.
24546	Whether there is an open source alternative to the commercial product.
24547	Whether controls that communicate the legal ramifications of piracy to discourage the criminal use of software and communicate ethical norms to make piracy morally unappealing are present.
24548	The level of piracy prevention that includes controls that incorporate monitoring technologies and serve to highlight intellectual property rights of the producer.
24549	Whether respondents were aware of free alternatives to Microsoft Office.
24550	Whether respondents view OSS/FS as an inferior product that would produce low productivity gains when used.
24551	The degree to which an innovation meshes with the adopter’s current habits and practices.
24552	The degree to which an individual believes that the adoption of an innovation will bestow them with added prestige in their relevant community.
24553	An estimate of respondents' willingness to pay for a product that is copyright protected and available for free.
24554	The degree to which the benefits and utility of an innovation are readily apparent to the potential adopter.
24555	Whether respondents believe software companies make excessive profits.
24556	The degree to which an innovation is visible during its diffusion through a user community.
24557	Whether respondents believe software should be treated as books  offered to the public by libraries  at a nominal fee.
24558	Whether respondents would share  share but not get reimbursed for a portion of the cost  or not share a shareware product that cost 200 dollars.
24559	The extent to which a potential adopter believes that the innovation can be adequately tried prior to the adoption decision.
24560	Whether respondents would share  share but not get reimbursed for a portion of the cost  or not share software that cost 20 dollars.
24561	Consumer willingness to pay for a software product.
24562	The extent to which innovation adoption is perceived to be under the potential adopter’s volitional control.
24563	A respondent’s sense of urgency for formally adopting an innovation after it becomes broadly available.
24564	Availability of features such as type of computer  memory  applications  and peripherals .
24565	Availability of features such as transmission technology  modem  fax  and available applications.
24566	Communication patterns of the telecommuters' work groups.
24567	Perceived productivity of telecommuters.
24568	Quality of outputs  job knowledge  leadership  or judgment.
24569	When an employee responds with positive rather than negative feelings to his/her job and job-related experiences.
24570	Number of days of telecommuting each week.
24571	Each subject's overall creativity level.
24572	The extent to which individuals  view reality in terms of data and facts without  considering alternative meanings and   the extent to which individuals use  a rational  systematic process to understand reality  through analysis and logical inference.
24573	A person's  preferred cognitive style.
24574	The forces contributing to or hindering a solution to the proposed problem and consumers' unusual ideas to solve the proposed problem.
24575	The ideas programmed into the simulator.
24576	The number of times each unique idea was mentioned by all subjects in the experiment.
24577	The number of paradigm-modifying ideas that were typed into the software by each subject.
24578	The degree to which the student information system is easy to use.
24579	The degree to which information produced has the attributes of content  accuracy  and format required by the user.
24580	The degree to which the user believes that using a particular system has enhanced his or her job performance.
24581	The degree of user satisfaction with the system.
24582	The degree to which the user is dependent on the information system for the execution of their tasks.
24583	The tendency of individuals  to be uneasy  apprehensive  or fearful about current or  future use of computers.
24584	Individuals' behavioral intention to use technology.
24585	The consumer's ability to control the dissemination of information related to or provided during such transactions or behaviors to those who were not present.
24586	Consumers' concerns about whether or not companies are taking the steps and formulating the policies to minimize errors in personal data.
24587	Consumers' concerns about whether or not companies are taking the steps and formulating the policies to minimize inappropriate access to data.
24588	Concern about the collection of information by organizations.
24589	Customer intention to return.
24590	The emotional response of pleasure from online shopping.
24591	Whether consumers feel unrestricted or free to act in a variety of ways.
24592	How much attention and concentration the consume was able to give to their online shopping.
24593	Whether   customers believe that using the Web  site will enhance their shopping productivity.
24594	Whether  customers believe  that the Web site is easy to use.
24595	Any purchases that were made in addition to what consumers had initially said they would buy.
24596	How interested the consumer is in books.
24597	An individual judgment of one’s  capability to use a computer.
24598	Whether the website has internal search engines and recommender systems to enable consumers to easily find what they need  learn more about it  and quickly purchase it.
24599	Challenges presented by online shopping.
24600	The extent to which a product can be used by specified users to achieve specified goals with effectiveness  efficiency  and satisfaction in a specified context of use.
24601	Perceived importance of the pertinence of the content to the core audience.
24602	Perceived importance of the appropriate use of multimedia content.
24603	Perceived importance of the appropriate range and detail of topics.
24604	Perceived importance of the extent to which a Web site's content is current.
24605	Perceived importance of clear and understandable objectives.
24606	Perceived importance of organization of the site.
24607	Perceived importance of the extent to which the Web site provides information regarding progress to the user.
24608	Perceived importance of the advertising of a Web site on the Internet and other media.
24609	Perceived importance of if the Website provides users with an opportunity to be part of online group.
24610	Perceived importance of the technology-oriented customization of the Web site.
24611	Perceived importance of the particular prominence given to current trends.
24612	Perceived importance of the idea of difficulty  particularly as it relates to a sense of accomplishment.
24613	Perceived importance of how the site piques the user's interest  especially with a story line.
24614	Perceived importance of the credibility conveyed by the site  particularly via the individuals portrayed on the site.
24615	Perceived importance of the extent to which the site provides users an opportunity to control the flow of information.
24616	The extent to which individuals agree on how to jointly use an advanced information technology intervention.
24617	The extent to which the advanced information technology is used in a manner consistent with its spirit or general intent.
24621	Consumers' concerns about paying for a product online.
24622	Consumers' perception of the product choice on the Internet.
24623	Consumers' concerns about trust and security of the vendor.
24624	Consumers' opinions of travelling to make a purchase.
24625	How important it is to make shopping easy and efficient.
24626	Consumers' opinions of environmental damages and impact.
24627	How important the consumer believes the internet customer relationship to be.
24628	How important it is to the consumer to minimize product and tax cost and to maximize product value and quality.
24629	The safety of Internet business from internal bugs.
24630	The safety of Internet business from external threats.
24631	Activities that customers conduct in collecting relevant information about products and services.
24632	All the activities of purchasing and postpurchasing.
24633	The pleasantness of the interface between humans and computers.
24634	The pleasantness of the interface between humans.
24635	The customer’s intention to visit the Internet business site  again based on previous experiences.
24636	Customer's satisfaction with the Internet business.
24640	Faith in general others’ benevolence.
24641	Faith in general others’ integrity.
24642	Faith in general others’ competence.
24643	Whether one assumes better outcomes result from dealing with people as thought they are well meaning and reliable.
24644	Whether one believes that the environment is in proper order and success is likely because the situation is normal or favorable.
24645	Whether one believes vendors in the environment has competence.
24646	Whether one believes vendors in the environment has integrity.
24647	Whether one believes vendors in the environment has benevolence.
24648	Whether the customer believes that structures like guarantees  regulations  promises  legal recourse  or other procedures are in place to promote success.
24649	Trustee caring and motivation to act in the truster's interests.
24650	Trustee honesty and promise keeping.
24651	Ability of the trustee to  do what the truster needs.
24655	Whether the participant finds new learning tasks challenging and views learning performance as indicative of mastery.
24658	The participant’s score on a written test to evaluate learners’ conceptual understanding of the software.
24659	The grade given to the student’s developed website  a test given to evaluate their procedural knowledge and ability to use the software.
24664	System and information quality of the web site.
24665	Ease of use of the web site.
24666	The degree of web site personalization.
24667	Number of days in a quarter a customer has visited the restricted pages (for account holders only) on the web site.
24668	Whether the customer ceases all brokerage activities.
24671	White  Oriental  Black or other.
24673	Grade school  some high school  graduated high school  some college  graduate college  post graduate school.
24675	Married; widowed  divorced or separate; or single.
24676	Number of different brokers the user adopts  used to capture the degree of a customer’s loyalty level or propensity of switching.
24677	Breadth of offerings or product variety of firm.
24678	Overall cost level of the broker.
24679	Minimum deposit required to open an account.
24680	Whether the customer switched brokers.
24681	The ability of electronic data interchange (EDI) to maintain or increase competitiveness within the industry.
24682	The potential power of a trading partner to “encourage” electronic data interchange (EDI) adoption.
24683	The strength of the influence strategy (e.g.  rewards and threats) used to exercise that potential power.
24684	The efforts of industry associations or lobby groups to promulgate electronic data interchange (EDI) standards and encourage adoption.
24685	An organization’s capital available for information technology (IT) investments.
24686	The level of technological expertise within the organization  and the level of management understanding of and support for using information technology (IT) to achieve organizational objectives.
24687	The anticipated advantages that electronic data interchange (EDI) can provide the organization.
24688	The willingness and ability of potential partners to adopt electronic data interchange (EDI).
24689	Intent to adopt electronic data interchange (EDI).
24690	Importance of the relevance (relevancy  clearness  and goodness) of the information.
24691	Importance of the understandability (the extent to which information is clear in meaning  easy to understand  and easy to read) of information.
24692	Importance of the reliable (the extent to which information is trustworthy  accurate  and credible) of information.
24693	Importance of the adequacy (the extent to which information is sufficient  complete  and contains necessary topics) of information.
24694	Importance of the scope (the extent to which information covers a wide range  variety of topics  and number of different subjects) of information.
24695	Importance of the usefulness (the extent to which information is informative  valuable  and useful in the purchase decision) of information.
24696	Importance of the access (the extent to which the web site is responsive  quickly loads  and provides good access) of the web site.
24697	Importance of the access (the extent to which the web site has a simple layout  is easy to use  is well organized  has a clear design  and is user-friendly) of the web site.
24698	Importance of the entertainment (the extent to which the web site is visually attractive  fun to navigate  and interesting to navigate) of the web site.
24699	Expectation that the information is clear in meaning  easy to understand  and easy to read.
24700	Expectation that the information is trustworthy  accurate  and credible.
24701	Expectation that the information is informative  valuable  and useful in the purchase decision.
24702	Expectation that the web site is responsive  quickly loads  and provides good access.
24703	Expectation that the web site has a simple layout  is easy to use  is well organized  has a clear design  and is user-friendly.
24704	Expectation that the web site is easy to navigate.
24705	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of understandability.
24706	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of reliability.
24707	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of usefulness.
24708	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of access.
24709	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of usability.
24710	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of navigation.
24711	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of understandability in comparison to participant's expectations.
24712	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of reliability in comparison to participant's expectations.
24713	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of usefulness in comparison to participant's expectations.
24714	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of access in comparison to participant's expectations.
24715	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of usability in comparison to participant's expectations.
24716	Evaluation of the web site's performance in terms of navigation in comparison to participant's expectations.
24719	Consumer focus on degree of delight experienced in consuming a cognitively fulfilling product.
24720	Willingness to depend on the vendor.
24721	Consumers' probability of following advice from the vendor.
24722	Consumers' probability of giving personal information.
24723	Consumers' probability of making purchases.
24724	Confidence or optimism regarding adoption of new ideas or technologies.
24725	Consumer's experience with the Internet and the web.
24726	Consumers' perceived quality of the website.
24727	The client-managers' continued expectations of the contractors to respond as if they were still subordinates.
24728	Client-managers' experiences of role overload resulting from IT outsourcing.
24729	Client-managers' strength of ties with former subordinates.
24730	Client-managers' level of trust in the contractors.
24731	Client-managers' outsourcing experiences with other third-party vendors and a comparison of these with those relating to the new contractors.
24732	Client-managers' assessment of contractor performance.
24733	Exploration and perception of modeled activities.
24734	Transitory experiences  that are converted for memory representation into symbolic conceptions that serve as internal models  for response production and standards for response  correction.
24735	The processes that govern organization  of constituent subskills into new response patterns.
24736	Processes that determine whether or  not observationally acquired competencies will be put to use.
24737	Trainees were engaged in the process by which trainees organize and reduce the diverse elements of a modeled performance into a pattern of verbal  symbols that can be easily stored  retained intact over time  quickly retrieved  and used to guide performance.
24738	Trainees were engaged in the process in which individuals visualize  or imagine themselves performing behaviors that previously  were seen performed by another individual.
24739	A trainee’s desire to master the content of the training program.
24740	Trainees’ pretraining motivation to learn  the spreadsheet skills.
24741	Trainee understanding of the concepts and  features needed to use the software program appropriately.
24742	One's perceived performance capabilities for software.
24743	Immediate trainee task performance on the target computer program.
24744	Delayed trainee task performance on the target computer program.
24746	Riskiness reflected in various resource allocation decisions as well as choice of products and markets.
24747	The organization’s efforts toward “improving market rates at a relatively faster rate than the competitors in its chosen market .
24748	The proportion of people in one group who choose a specific alternative for their first choice as compared to the proportion of people in a second group who choose the same alternative for their first choice.
24750	Agreement on the top choice in the presence of data quality information.
24751	The organization’s overall problem-solving behavior  including the tendency to search deeper for the roots of problems and to generate the best possible solution alternatives.
24752	The degree to which the overall rankings are not affected by data quality information.
24754	Perceptions about time constraints.
24755	Time available for the decision.
24756	Whether data quality information was present.
24760	Whether the task was simple or complex.
24761	The relative emphasis of effectiveness (long-term) considerations versus efficiency (shorter-term) considerations.
24762	Seals off a stable and predictable but narrow niche in its industry by offering high-quality (but standard) products or services at low prices.
24763	Seeks to simultaneously minimize risk while maximizing opportunities for growth. It maintains a stable domain of core products  while seeking new product/market opportunities.
24764	Continuously seeks new product/market opportunities  and is the creator of change in its market.
24766	Related to management information systems but with a greater focus on the company’s markets and product sales.
24769	Oriented toward internal and interorganizational efficiencies and long-term decision making.
24770	Focusing on market flexibility and quick strategic decisions.
24771	Enabling comprehensive decisions and quick responses through knowledge of other organizations.
24773	Business performance including reputation among major customer segments; frequency of new product or service introduction; return on investment; net profits; technological developments and/or other innovations in business operations; product quality; market share gains; and revenue growth.
24776	Changes in the rated quality (including completeness (the inclusion of all necessary steps and information comprising the community-first approach to housing development) and accuracy  (correctness of information content and the sequence of the steps represented in the flow-chart diagrams))  of a subject’s pre- and  post-distributed learning flowchart diagrams.
24777	Satisfaction with the problem-solving process.
24778	Members were given e-mail accounts and World Wide Web access through a server at the university.
24779	The features included advanced e-mail (with spell-check  multiple views for sorting messages  and extensive message-editing capabilities)  a media center (for storage and access of multimedia documents)  multithreaded discussion capability for asynchronous collaboration  workflow management and coordination features  and a seamless integrated environment for viewing and manipulating word processor and spreadsheet files.
24780	The extent to which a buyer believes that the feedback mechanism in an online marketplace is able to provide accurate and reliable information about the past transaction behavior of the marketplace’s sellers.
24781	The extent to which buyers believe that escrows are able to guarantee that their transactions with sellers in a marketplace will be fulfilled in accordance with their expectations.
24782	The extent to which buyers believe that the available protection from credit card institutions will protect them from opportunistic sellers.
24783	The subjective belief with which a buyer believes that the intermediary will institute and enforce fair rules  procedures  and outcomes in its marketplace competently  reliably  and with integrity  and  if necessary  will provide recourse for buyers to deal with seller opportunistic behavior.
24785	Buyers’ perception that there is some probability of suffering a loss when pursuing transactions among members of the community of sellers in the specific marketplace.
24786	The buyer’s intention to engage in online exchange relationships with the community of sellers.
24787	How many times the participant has won an auction (purchased a product) in Amazon's auctions during the last year.
24789	The overall reputation of sellers in a marketplace.
24790	The quality of a buyer’s own encounters with particular sellers in a specific marketplace.
24791	Ease with which data from different sources can be aggregated or compared without inconsistencies.
24794	Dependability of access and up-time of systems.
24795	Ease of changing the content or format of the data to meet changing business needs.
24796	Ease of getting help on problems with the data in term of satisfaction with information systems (IS).
24797	Ease of determining what data is available and where.
24799	The rate of change and innovation in production and service technologies  as well as the uncertainty or unpredictability of customer taste and actions by the firm’s principal industries.
24800	Severe regulatory restrictions; a harsh and overwhelming business climate; intense competition in price  product  technology  and distribution; a shortage of labor or raw materials; and the relative lack of exploitable opportunities and resources (e.g.  the drying up of markets).
24801	The degree of similarity or differentiation within the organization task environments.
24804	Correctness of the data.
24805	Ease of determining what a data element on a report or file means  or what is included or excluded in calculating it.
24808	Maintaining the needed basic field or elements of data.
24809	Maintaining data at the right level or levels of detail.
24810	Ease of getting help on problems with the data in terms of satisfaction with information systems (IS) support.
24813	Business managers' intentions to champion the use of information technology within their organization.
24814	Knowledge of current and emergent technologies that are both generic to all industries and specific to the organization and its competitors.
24815	Knowledge of current and emerging information technology application portfolio  where applications refer to the ways information technology is or could be used by organizations to achieve their business goals (e.g.  in order processing  decision support  or financial control).
24816	Involves an understanding of both systems development methods and project  management practices in order to understand the potential benefits  dangers  and limitations of information technology.
24817	Information technology management is composed of activities similar to those used in other areas—vision and goal setting  allocation of resources  and monitoring of progress.
24818	Knowing who to contact to obtain more information about information technology—both inside and outside of the organization—(e.g.  colleagues  vendors  etc.) and secondary sources of knowledge (e.g.  libraries  the Web).
24819	Involvement in the life cycle of information technology projects  such as initiation  cost-benefit analysis   development  and implementation.
24820	Involvement in directing the overall information technology function  such as vision and strategy setting  planning and budgeting  and policy setting.
24821	Consumer’s overall satisfaction with the online experience  information content  and their ability to make an effective purchase.
24822	Intention to continue online purchases and intention to recommend the online channel to others.
24823	The degree to which the prospective user expects the system to be free of effort.
24824	The user’s perception that using a system will increase performance.
24825	The inability to predict relevant contingencies from two sources – unpredictable changes and information asymmetry resulting from strategic nondisclosure or distortion of information by sellers.
24826	When certain business investments are made to support a particular transaction.
24827	Transaction time costs.
24828	The extent to which consumers believe online vendors are reliable during the shopping process and subsequent interactions with the customers.
24829	The extent to which consumers believe online vendors are responsive during the shopping process and subsequent interactions with the customers.
24830	The extent to which consumers believe online vendors are concerned during the shopping process and subsequent interactions with the customers.
24831	The extent to which consumers felt confident and assured during the shopping process and subsequent interactions with the customers.
24832	The extent of mental effort deployed by the subject in making the decisions.
24833	The extent to which discussions by subjects were relevant for resolving the problems.
24834	The extent to which the decision process involved detailed consideration of various decision alternatives.
24835	Estimated incremental sales or incremental profit associated wit ha recommended course of action.
24836	Overall judgment provided by experts.
24837	The complexity of the decision-making process faced by the team in resolving the decision problem.
24838	The change in the subject's skill and knowledge as a result of completing the problem-solving exercise.
24839	The degree to which the subject believes that using a decision support system would enhance his or her performance.
24840	The subject's summary affective response to the decision that the team reached.
24841	Whether model-based decision support system was available.
24842	Whether the team started with the ABB case or the Syntex case.
24843	The degree to which a person is concerned about the amount of individual-specific data possessed by others relative to the value of benefits received.
24844	The user's perceived control over the collected information.
24845	User awareness of privacy practices.
24846	The degree to which people believe a firm is dependable in protecting consumers’ personal information.
24847	The expectation  that a high potential for loss is associated with the  release of personal information to the firm.
24848	User's intention to provide personal information on the Internet.
24850	Consumer's opinions about errors in organizational practices.
24851	Consumer's opinions about unauthorized secondary use in organizational practices.
24852	Consumer's opinions about improper access in organizational practices.
24853	Consumer's concerns about information privacy in general.
24858	How often the participant falsifies personal information provided online.
24859	How often the participant felt they were the victim of what they felt was an improper invasion of privacy.
24860	How much the participant has heard or read about the use and potential misuse of information collected from the Internet in the last year.
24861	Whether the project was a systems development project.
24862	Contract amount.
24863	Contract length in days.
24864	The nature and range of services covered in the outsourcing contract  and be flexibility in handling customers’  requests for changes in these services.
24865	The  decision-making rights and reporting structures in  the project  in terms of the roles and responsibilities  of all parties involved.
24866	Supplier obligation for completing the job and solve problems  independently  with minimal customer involvement.
24867	Supplier obligation to assign  high-quality staff to work on the project  and to minimize staff turnover during the project.
24868	Supplier obligation to educate customer  in terms of the necessary skills  knowledge  and  expertise associated with using the outsourced  system or service.
24869	Supplier obligation to invest  time and effort to foster a good working relationship  among the team of customer and supplier staff working on the project.
24870	Overall satisfaction with the contract as well as the desire to retain the outsourcing partner.
24871	Customer obligation to understand and articulate explicitly and comprehensively the requirements for the services covered by the outsourcing project.
24872	Customer obligation to pay suppliers on time and not  withhold payments unreasonably.
24873	Customer obligation to be actively involved in  overseeing the project progress by attending project  meetings and discussions regularly.
24874	Customer obligation to assign key employees  who possess the required skills and knowledge to  work with supplier staff on the project.
24875	Customer obligation to  provide information required by  supplier  and to educate supplier with the industry and  firm-specific knowledge necessary to build or  operate the system.
24876	Customer obligation to ensure that senior management provides strong leadership  support  and commitment toward the project.
24888	Perceived usefulness and relevancy.
24889	The extent to which it is user friendly and easy to use.
24890	Attitudes towards use and usefulness of system.
24891	The degree to which group members perceived the group's problem to be nonroutine.
24892	The degree of information technology support for contextualization.
24894	Number of core members on the team.
24895	Individual collaboration  know-how development.
24896	The message recipient’s perception of the credibility (based on competence) of a message source  reflecting nothing about the message itself.
24897	The message recipient’s perception of the credibility (based on trustworthiness) of a message source  reflecting nothing about the message itself.
24898	The personal relevance of the issue to the reader.
24899	Prior knowledge and comprehension about the message topic.
24900	Perceived quality of the arguments contained within the communication.
24901	Perceived usefulness of received knowledge.
24903	Average number of ideas generated by members in a group.
24904	Idea's effectiveness in solving the firm's image problem.
24905	How effective the final decision was in solving the firm's image problem.
24906	The average score of members' perceptions about the relational ties that exist in the group.
24909	The proportion of   information technology  staff replenished each year.
24915	The importance of technical skill recruitment.
24916	The extent to which participating managers believe that retention is a serious concern in their organizations.
24917	The level of current turnover relative to the ideal turnover goal desired in their organizations.
24919	Whether colorful text and shadows were used to highlight one particular personalized recommendation to indicate that it was the best choice for the subject.
24920	The number of personalized offers presented to the user.
24921	A need to structure relevant situations in meaningful  integrated ways.
24922	Whether the first item clicked by a subject was located at the top of the personalized offer column (i.e.  the position of the cued item).
24923	The number of trial listening at the top position of the personalized offer column.
24924	Whether the cued ring tone was selected as the final choice.
24925	The quality of the buyer’s own encounters with particular sellers in a marketplace.
24926	A buyer’s general knowledge about the average performance    of sellers in the specific marketplace.
24927	Buyers' overall degree of contract fulfillment with the community of sellers in the auction marketplace.
24928	Buyers' overall degree of contract fulfillment with the individual seller in the auction marketplace.
24930	The buyer’s intention to engage in online exchange relationships  with the community of sellers.
24931	The buyer’s subjective belief that there is a probability of suffering a loss when pursuing transactions with the community of sellers.
24932	The higher-than-average  prices that buyers are willing to pay for an identical product.
24933	How many auctions the respondents won during four months.
24934	The number of a  buyer’s past transactions in the marketplace.
24935	Quantitative (positive or negative) feedback ratings left by buyers to sellers following each buyer's completed purchase.
24936	The number of unique buyers in an auction.
24937	The extent to which a buyer believes that the feedback system in an online marketplace is able to provide accurate and reliable information about the past transaction behavior of sellers in the marketplace.
24938	The extent to which  buyers believe that escrows are able to guarantee that  their transactions with the sellers in a marketplace    will be fulfilled in accordance with their expectations.
24939	The extent to which buyers believe that  the available protection from a credit card company will protect them from opportunistic sellers.
24940	The belief buyers have that an intermediary will institute and enforce fair rules and procedures in its marketplace in a manner that is competent  reliable  and honest  and will also provide recourse for buyers to deal with opportunistic seller behavior.
24941	Trust in general.
24945	The extent to which the information technology (IT) unit vis-a-vis the client department had greater responsibility for project initiation and implementation activities.
24946	The extent to which the client department had greater responsibility vis-a-vis the information technology (IT) unit for project ratification and monitoring activities.
24947	How appropriately project implementation/initiation activities were accomplished at the project level.
24948	How appropriately project ratification and monitoring activities were accomplished.
24949	The information technology (IT) unit's knowledge of the business processes  business rules  policies and procedures  and the business objectives associated with the project's problem domain.
24950	The client department's knowledge of software design  programming  and software development processes.
24951	Deviation in schedule  cost  and development and programming effort relative to the original plan.
24952	The extent to which the completed system satisfactorily fulfills client department needs.
24953	The level of integration of activities between the information technology (IT) unit and client department that was ideally necessary over the project's life cycle for the project to succeed.
24954	The degree to which the client department evaluated the information technology (IT) unit for this project primarily based on accomplishing project goals on time and within budget.
24955	The degree to which the client department expected the information technology (IT) unit to follow a prescribed process to ensure that the delivered system met its requirements.
24956	The frequency of interactions  close working relationships  and frequent communications between the information technology (IT) unit and client department over the course of the project.
24957	The scheduled number of months for the project.
24958	The number of projects previously completed by the information technology (IT) unit for the client department
24960	Participants' absolute usage of the system and their use relative to opportunity.
24961	Sense of satisfaction with the information the system produces.
24962	A degree of favorableness with respect to the system and mechanics of interaction.
24963	Perceptions of the system itself and the way it delivers information.
24964	The ease with which information can be accessed or extracted from the system.
24965	The degree to which the system offers timely responses to requests for information or action.
24968	The way the systems adapts to the changing demands of the user.
24969	The way the system allows data to be integrated from various sources.
24970	Beliefs about information quality.
24971	The user's perception that the information is correct.
24974	The dependability of the system operation.
24975	The user's perception of the degree to which the information is up to date.
24976	The degree to which the system provides all necessary information.
24977	The user's perception of how well the information is presented.
24982	The search time taken to locate the target brands across the 6 product categories based on the computer log file.
24983	Subjects were asked to identify the brand names that they had previously seen during their shopping trips.
24984	The centering of attention on a limited stimulus field such as on a computer screen while completing the information search tasks.
24985	An individual’s positive or negative feelings about performing a behavior.
24986	Applying a blink coding to one of the six brands in each product category.
24987	All brands in the six product categories were kept static.
24988	The target brand in each product category was flashed.
24989	One of the five nontarget brands was picked randomly and flashed  while the target brand remained static.
24990	Only one item is displayed on each row.
24991	There is more than one item on each row.
25008	User's final likelihood estimate (0 to 100 percent) of liquidating the company versus the recommendation provided by knowledge-based system.
25009	Whether the user viewed a knowledge-based system with full explanation capability available.
25010	Partner and manager (expert) versus staff and senior (novice) insolvency practitioners.
25011	Knowledge-based systems users choose more feedforward or feedback explanations. Feedforward explanations include all explanations that report on information cues and their relationships  and feedback explanations include all explanations that report on procedures that are used to form conclusions.
25012	Knowledge-based systems users choose more declarative knowledge explanations (definition explanations).
25013	Knowledge-based systems users choose more rule-trace explanations.  Rule-trace explanations simply represent an explicit rendering of the rules and other procedures in the underlying knowledge base.
25014	Knowledge-based systems users choose more justification explanations.  Toulmin warrants form the basis for justification and are based on ¡°general examples¡± and ¡°being told¡±.
25015	Knowledge-based systems users choose more strategy explanations.  Strategic explanations are based on the underlying task structure of INSOLVE knowledge-based system: each recommendation in INSOLVE has an associated task  which has the purpose of establishing a value for an intermediate conclusion or final recommendation.
25016	The number of explanations viewed by knowledge-based systems users.
25017	System usage in the past.
25018	The effectiveness and efficiency that result from the use of an information technology application.
25019	The fun or pleasure derived from using the application.
25020	Enhancement of a user’s social image by his or her use of the application.
25024	The time elapsed since the initial use of the information technology (IT) application.
25025	Users' intention to use the target system.
25026	The utilization of an information technology (IT) application by individuals.
25034	Perceived quality of training on information technology use.
25035	Users' prior beliefs regarding their information technology abilities.
25036	Group members' use of the information technology.
25037	Coworkers' perceived quality of training on information technology use.
25039	Coworkers' information technology abilities.
25050	The extent to which the value of a firm's capital is specific to the relationship with the other firm.
25059	A firm's belief that another company will perform actions that will result in positive outcomes for  the firm  as well as not take unexpected actions that would result in negative outcomes for the firm.
25063	The extent to which ha supplier's future transaction relationship with its customer in a dyad is unpredictable primarily due to the actions of the customer.
25070	Cooperation in the customer-supplier relationship.
25071	The power exercised by the customer.
25072	Transaction-specific investments made by one party   in an exchange relationship that the other party can consider as safeguarding    its investments in transaction-specific assets.
25073	The extent to which documents exchanged between trading partners are handled by EDI rather than other conventional exchange mechanisms.
25074	The extent to which different types of EDI document sets are exchanged between trading partners.
25077	The company's sales volume made to the customer last year.
25078	The year that the company started using electronic data interchange (EDI) with the customer.
25126	Perceived usefulness of the system.
25129	Perceived ease of use of the system.
25142	Attitude toward system use.
25143	Behavioral intention to use the system.
25144	The extent to which system users adopt behavior because of its content that they find congruent with their own personal values.
25145	The extent to which system users adopt attitudes and behaviors to achieve a satisfying  self-defining relationship with another person or group.
25146	The extent to which system users adopt particular behaviors to obtain rewards or avoid punishments.
25215	Speed of response.
25225	The ability to customize the site’s look  feel  and content as well as provide interaction with the user.
25235	An individual's preferred method  of perceiving  acquiring  and processing information.
25236	A developer's perception of his or her own  strain level.
25237	The supervisor's appraisal of the developer's performance
25238	The tendency for the CEO and the CIO to move toward one point  and to unite in a common interest or focus on the current role of information technology.
25239	The extent to which the firm planned to use information technology (IT) to provide managers with information that is needed for supporting decision making.
25240	The use of such projects to help the organization make its products and services unlike those of its competitors.
25241	How firms plan to use information technology (IT) to facilitate the maintenance of existing systems.
25242	Increased sales revenue  market share  and return on investment.
25243	The extent to which media have the ability to overcome different frames of reference  clarify ambiguous issues  and thus facilitate understanding between communicating individuals.
25244	Frequency of communication between the CEO and the CIO.
25245	Accumulation  sharing  and application of knowledge.
25246	The extent to which systems are compatible  are modular  are scalable  are transparent  are the extent to which systems can handle multiple applications and use commonly agreed information technology (IT) standards.
25247	The extent to which information technology (IT) groups are knowledgeable about business strategy  competitive priorities  business policies  business opportunities  and initiate change in the organization.
25248	The extent to which information technology (IT) groups and line management trust  appreciate  consult with  account for  and respect each other in setting business and IT strategy.
25249	The number of employees at the firm.
25250	Relative financial performance and sales growth with respect to the competitors for the past three years.
25439	The extent to which a product's specifications change frequently or the probability of future improvements is high.
25440	An assessment of fluctuations in the demand for a product and  the confidence placed in estimates of the demand.
25441	The pooling of resources  units working in series where the output from one unit becomes input to another unit  and units feeding their work back and forth among themselves.
25442	The amount of effort required by the buyer to understand the proper usage procedure and variety of uses of the product.
25443	The amount of effort required by the buyer to evaluate the various features and options of the various brands or models of the product.
25444	Coordination of the regulated flow of information from one unit to another in a supply channel.
25445	Monitoring of the regulated flow of information from one unit to another in a supply channel.
25446	Users' trust in the online store.
25447	Perceived quality of a site or the  information contained therein.
25448	Consumer intention to purchase from the online store.
25449	Actual formatting flaws and an overall messy and disorganized look.
25450	Actual obsolete content or links  nonloading pictures  or  coming soon  pages.
25451	Actual typographical  grammatical  and factual errors.
25452	Participants ability to use a computer and its applications.
25464	The number of email messages sent through the listserv by an individual’s teammates during the first three weeks of the exercise.
25465	The number of email messages sent through the listserv by an individual’s teammates during the remaining four weeks of the exercise (i.e.  after the midpoint of the life of the team).
25466	The grade the team received on their business plan  using a standardized grading scheme.
25467	A member’s trusting belief of the work team before it has started to interact.
25468	Perceptions at the start of the project that other members are attentive and concerned about the team  and committed to the task.
25470	An individual team member’s trust in the team engendered through early team interactions.
25471	Perceptions after the midpoint of the project that other members are attentive and concerned about the team  and committed to the task.
25473	A member’s perceived quality of team outcomes.
25474	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would make him or her joyful.
25475	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
25476	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
25477	The extent to which a user believes that using a particular application will be risk free.
25481	Participant’s intention to use a wireless handheld device for playing games.
25482	The degree to which the person is engaged with a task or object.
25484	The degree of cognitive spontaneity in microcomputer interactions.
25485	Personality similarity  between the user and the decision aid.
25486	The ability of a technology to produce a sensorially  rich mediated environment.
25487	Subjects' satisfaction with the decision aid.
25488	Subjects' understanding of the decision aid.
25489	The amount of time spent using the decision aid.
25490	The number of decision  aid features used.
25491	Decision accuracy.
25492	The extent to which they seek to acquire new knowledge or skills  and  thus  to improve their abilities.
25493	The level of intellectual demands experienced  by an individual in his or her job.
25494	Perceived time pressure.
25495	How much the individual prefers certain outcomes over uncertain ones.
25496	The extent to which individuals intentionally  access expertise  experience  insight  and opinions from colleagues.
25497	The extent to which individuals intentionally  access expertise  experience  insight  and opinions from documents.
25498	The extent to which individuals intentionally  access expertise  experience  insight  and opinions from the repository.
25499	The extent to which a system is difficult to use.
25500	How long the participant has been in their current position.
25501	Whether the participant works as a Level 1 or Level 2 analyst.
25502	Whether the respondent was the project manager.
25503	The number of core members on the project for which the respondent provided data.
25504	The number months that they personally worked on the project.
25505	The percentage of time they spent contributing  to their project.
25506	Possible shifting of the respondents'  work time.
25507	The number of years knowing each core member on the project.
25508	The extent to which core members depended on one another.
25509	The extent to which there were delays in coordination among core members.
25510	City location of each project member.
25511	The time zone difference between cities where members worked.
25512	How often the participant communicated with fellow members via voice communication (e.g. telephone)  synchronous text communication (e.g. IM) and shared desktop communication (e.g. web conferencing).
25513	How often the participant communicated with fellow members via asynchronous text communication (e.g. email).
25514	A change in an individual's mental model that endures over time and/or over changes in conditions.
25515	A change in an individual's mental model that occurs  only in the presence of external feedback or other conditions of practice  but disappears over time or when the supportive conditions are eliminated.
25516	Effort to change their mental model.
25517	Guidance on how to modify that mental model  leading to deep learning.
25518	In addition to information about the expected performance  the participants in this condition were also informed of the maximum financial performance they could have achieved.
25519	In addition to information about the expected performance of the donor rating strategy  participants in this condition were given feedback on whether they were placing too much or too little weight on each of the four factors.
25520	Evaluation of the decision support systems.
25521	Perceived usefulness of the decision support systems.
25522	Perceived ease of use of the decision support systems.
25523	Lack of perceived uncertainty in decision.
25526	The proportion of the information technology (IT) function in- or out-sourced (minimal outsourcing   selective outsourcing  comprehensive outsourcing).
25527	Type of contract between the service receiver and provider in an outsourcing relationship (who retains control over processes that are not contractually stipulated (buy-in fee-for-service  loose/partnership)).
25528	Short-term (less than 4 years); medium-term (from 4 to 7 years); long-term (more than 7 years).
25529	The degree to which predefined outsourcing objectives are realized in terms of strategic benefits of  outsourcing.
25530	The degree to which predefined outsourcing objectives are realized in terms of economic benefits of  outsourcing.
25531	The degree to which predefined outsourcing objectives are realized in terms of technological benefits of  outsourcing.
25533	The extent to which a consumer expresses a need for product information.
25534	The extent to which a consumer obtains  product information online.
25535	Whether the vehicle was purchased based on an online buying services referral.
25536	Log of number of physical dealers visited.
25537	A summary affective response of varying intensity  with a time-specific point of determination  and directed toward focal aspects of the information retrieval process online.
25543	The weight attached to price in consumer valuation of a product’s overall attractiveness.
25544	The intensity of interest with which consumers approach their dealings with the marketplace; based on the extent of personal relevance of the decision to the individual in terms of basic values  goals  and self-concept.
25545	Hours spent per week searching for the product.
25546	Influences one’s ability to learn about products and the costs of doing so.
25547	Whether the consumer visited manufacturers  dealers  newspapers  product-specialist online buying services  and price-specialist online buying services.
25550	How well the service helps customers track where and how much money has been spent with a company.
25551	The final “tally” by customers of the experience that they have had with a company (e.g.  feedback).
25552	How well the service repairs products and keeping them in proper working order.
25553	How well the service helps customers control access and use  of products.
25554	How well the service assists customers to take possession of products.
25555	Services to help customers express what and how much of a product is desired from a supplier.
25556	Services to transfer funds or extend credit.
25557	Features that suggest substitute products for products that have been consumed or that are beyond repair.
25558	How well the service helps customers to move  return  or dispose of products.
25559	Where customers purchase a product.
25560	How well the service helps customers determine a product’s attributes.
25561	Services to ensure that products meets established specifications.
25562	How well the service helps customers to make use of products to their full extent.
25563	Services that alert customers to new and improved attributes  new products  or automatic upgrades to products when conditions have changed.
25564	The likelihood of the customer using the site for future purchases.
25565	The degree to which a customer believes a website helps them achieve their shopping goals.
25566	An individual’s affective reaction to the cognitive appraisal of service quality performance.
25567	How well assurance is performed.
25568	How well empathy is performed.
25569	How well reliability is performed.
25570	How well responsiveness is performed.
25571	The tangible aspects of the vendor’s infrastructure and/or  appearance.
25572	Users were given a textual result list.
25573	Users were presented with a group of Web sites that exhibit high similarity in their textual structural information.
25574	Users were presented with a multidimensional scaling algorithm to place Web sites as points on a screen.
25575	Users were presented with a Kartoo map  as a browsing method.
25576	How well the browsing methods helps users find exact answers to close-ended tasks; number of correctly answered questions divided by total number of questions.
25577	How well the browsing method helps users find relevant results and avoid irrelevant results in open ended tasks; number of relevant results identified by the subject divided by number of all results identified by the subject.
25578	How well a browsing method helps  users find all the relevant results in open-ended tasks; number of relevant results identified by the subject divided by number of relevant results identified by the expert.
25579	The amount of time users required to use a browsing method to  finish the tasks.
25580	How satisfied users are with using a browsing method.
25581	The degree to which a system and the information it contains can be accessed with relatively low effort.
25582	The degree to which a system is dependable (e.g.  technically available) over time.
25583	The degree to which a system offers quick (or timely) responses to requests for information.
25584	The degree to which a system can adapt to a variety of user needs and to changing conditions.
25585	The degree to which a system facilitates the combination of information from various sources to support business decisions.
25586	The degree to which information is correct  unambiguous  meaningful  believable  and consistent.
25587	The degree to which all possible states relevant to the user population are represented in the stored information.
25588	The degree to which information is up-to-date  or the degree to which the information precisely reflects the current state of the world that it represents.
25589	The degree to which information is presented in a manner that is understandable and interpretable to the user and thus aids in the completion of a task.
25590	User's satisfaction with the system.
25591	User's satisfaction with the information.
25603	The degree to which the specific requirements or intermediate outcomes associated with a task or activity cannot be anticipated or forecast.
25604	A capability that creates a strategic advantage  has evolved through collective learning and information sharing  cannot be easily duplicated by others  and cannot be easily transferred to others.
25607	The variety of mechanisms used by a client to exercise control over a vendor and the extent to which the mechanisms are used.
25608	The extent to which the client believes the vendor is honest  capable  and helpful.
25670	The number of procurement life cycle (PLC) activities supported by noncomputer technology.
25671	The number of procurement life cycle (PLC) activities supported by electronic data interchange (EDI) technology.
25672	The number of procurement life cycle (PLC) activities supported by Internet/Web technology.
25673	The number of procurement life cycle (PLC) activities supported by e-market technology.
25688	The number of factors and their interactions relevant to decision making.
25689	The inability to forecast accurately the technical or design requirements for the product.
25690	The changes in demand for the product being procured  and the inability to accurately predict these fluctuations.
25691	The importance of the uncertainty on the information processing needs.
25692	The dynamism in the supply market in terms of availability  of supplies  stability of the suppliers  consistency in quality  and prices.
25693	Investments by the firm specific to the relationship for the product.
25694	Investments by the supplier specific to the relationship for the product.
25695	Confidence that the behavior of the supplier conforms to one's own expectations.
25697	The extent to which IS personnel possessed critical business  technology  managerial  and interpersonal skills.
25698	The extent to which IS personnel had firm-specific knowledge.
25699	The connectivity  speed  capacity  and the extent of standardization of the networks and computer platforms in the organization.
25700	The shareability and reusability of the corporate data and application modules in core business applications.
25701	The quality of the relationships between the IS department and other business units.
25702	The relationships the IS department has with vendors and IT service providers.
25703	The characteristics of the IS planning process  such as its formality  comprehensiveness  and the participation of key stakeholders in the planning process.
25704	The quality of the systems delivery process and the routines that lead to a reliable and controlled systems delivery process.
25705	The attributes of the support process  such as its responsiveness and service orientation.
25706	The sophistication of the operations processes  such as emergency planning  backup recovery  security control  performance tuning  maintenance  and systems control.
25707	The extent of use of IT in improving responsiveness to customer inquiries  analyzing customer information  identifying groups of customers whose needs are not being met  and determining customer requirements.
25708	The extent to which IT is used to reengineer business processes  enhance process flexibility  integrate supply chains  and improve the efficiency of logistics.
25709	The extent to which IT is used in developing new products and services  improving the speed of key business activities  identifying new markets  redefining the scope of business  and entering new markets.
25727	The success of the firm in entering new markets and in bringing new products  and services to the market during the past three years.
25729	The type of trust one agent has in another agent on a personal level.
25730	Perceived property or reliance on a system or institution within which trust exists.
25731	General attitude of the person seeking trustworthiness toward trust.
25732	Discovery of a cooperating partner's good intentions.
25733	The stage of therapy that the user is in.
25734	The amount of time the user has been a registered member of krebsgemeinschaft.de.
25735	How often the user visited krebsgemeinschaft.de in the last month.
25736	How often the user used various sections or services when they have visited krebsgemeinschaft.de.
25737	The motivation and background of operators of a virtual community.
25738	Participant's trust in the other members of krebsgemeinschaft.de.
25739	Whether the   name and address of the provider is clearly visible  at the site;   the targeted  audience is clearly defined;   dating of information is indicated;  opportunity of providing feedback   for example  via e-mail  to the providers of information is available;   statements relating to the quality  of information are published;   product advertisements  are clearly separated from factual content;   financial support from companies  and organizations is clearly identified;   any and all associations with companies  or governmental/political organizations are indicated; and  indication of whether and how user  information may be collected or used is clearly stated.
25740	The determination of accessibility to various functions within  the virtual community and are assigned according to the status of the individual member.
25741	The quality of the content published on a virtual community.
25745	User's confidence in their ability to use a computer.
25746	Situations where information and communication technologies force users to work faster and longer.
25747	The invasive effect of information and communication technologies in situations  where employees can be reached anytime and feel the need to be constantly connected.
25748	Situations where the complexity associated with information and communication technologies leads users to feel inadequate with regard to their computer skills and forces them to spend time and effort in learning and understanding information and communication technologies.
25749	Situations where users feel threatened about losing their jobs  either because of automation from information communication technologies or to other  people who have a better understanding of information and communication technologies.
25750	Contexts where continuing  information communication technologies changes and upgrades unsettle users and create uncertainty so that they must constantly learn and educate themselves about new information and communication technologies.
25751	Mechanisms that encourage  and foster the sharing of information and communication technology-related knowledge within the organization.
25752	Activities related to end-user  support that reduce the effects of technostress by solving  users’ information and communication technology problems relating.
25753	Whether users are informed about the rationale for introducing new Information and Communication Technologies by letting them know about the effects of such introduction and by encouraging them to use and experiment with new Information and Communication Technologies.
25754	A pleasurable or positive  emotional state resulting from the appraisal of one’s job or job experiences.
25755	The relative strength  of his or her identification with  and involvement  in  the organization and is characterized by belief in and acceptance of the organization’s goals and values.
25756	The need that an employee feels to stay in the organization  based on his or her assessment of the perceived costs of  leaving.
25757	Whether the negotiation reached its conclusion  and the supervisor’s final counteroffer did not match the subordinate’s final bid.
25758	The first round subordinate bid reduced by the supervisor’s counteroffer.
25759	Subordinate performance in the postnegotiation five-minute decoding trial.
25760	Conflict that is perceived as how to achieve a common objective.
25761	Conflict that is perceived as personal criticism.
25762	Participant's satisfaction with the final budget.
25763	Participant's satisfaction with the negotiation process.
25767	The availability and prior utilization of information technology (IT)  infrastructure and applications to support efficient procurement in firms.
25768	The range of procurement situations over which a firm has knowledge.
25769	The availability and prior use of information technology (IT) infrastructure and solutions among a firm’s suppliers to support efficient  sales to the firm.
25772	The extent of Internet use in product search on the Internet and identification of new suppliers on the Internet.
25773	The extent of Internet use of negotiations of terms with suppliers on the Internet  completion of procurement transactions on the Internet  payment and financial settlement on the Internet  and document exchange on the Internet.
25774	The performance advantages due to Internet use in the procurement process  includes reductions in production-goods procurement costs  lead time  administrative expensive  reject rates of goods procured  and time to transmit change orders.
25775	All information technology interactions undertaken with the purpose  of accomplishing an individual or organizational  task.
25776	All behaviors directed at changing or modifying an information technology and  how it will be deployed and used in an organization belongs to this category.
25777	Modifications that individuals make to themselves in order to adapt to the information technology .
25778	Perceived individual benefits of using the system.
25779	Perceived organizational benefits of using the system.
25780	Interactions with other users or information systems (IS) professionals for information exchange concerning an information technology (IT).
25781	Information search behaviors undertaken independently to improve one’s knowledge and mastery of an information technology (IT)  over and above those that are required by an organization’s or project’s training program.
25818	The multiplicity and interdependency of organizational elements of an information systems development project.
25819	The rate and pattern of changes in the information systems development project (ISDP) organizational environments  including changes in user information needs  business processes  and organizational structures.
25820	The multiplicity and interdependency of technological elements of an information systems development project (ISDP).
25821	The rate and pattern of changes in the information technology (IT)   environment of the information systems development project (ISDP)  including changes in IT infrastructure  architecture and software development tools.
25822	Perceived usefulness of the system.
25823	How easy the E-mail system itself was to use.
25825	Productivity benefits of the system.
25826	The degree to which a medium  permits users to experience others as being psychologically present.
25829	Whether the participant is  Japanese or American knowledge worker.
25835	Sales revenue.
25836	Industry sector the organization is located in.
25838	The recent recognition of the strategic role of information systems (IS).
25839	Inputs from top management  users  and planners respectively  the adequacy of the involvement of these participant groups  and the adequacy of financial resources for information systems (IS) planning.
25840	Quality of business planning system that provide the basic inputs to information systems (IS) planning.
25841	Quality of mechanisms for facilitating the Implementation of plan Recommendations.
25842	Quality of facilitation mechanisms for  integrating the information inputs  from business plans and other sources into IS planning.
25843	The extent of detailed analysis in   internal strengths and weaknesses  in information systems (IS)  analyzing business processes and user's requirements  developing information  architectures  and analyzing telecommunications requirements     business opportunities and threats as related to  IS  exploring opportunities for identifying strategic IS applications  and linking business  plans with IS plans  and   technology trends  and their impact on the firm  the assessment of the hardware/software market  and  the analysis of hardware/software requirements.
25844	The extent of fulfillment  of a set of common information systems (IS) planning objectives such as better integration of business goals and strategies with IS plans  greater exploitation of IS opportunities for strategic advantage  and better planning and control of hardware and software resources.
25868	Students' daily work report of activities such as planning how to complete the assignment and planning who would do what.
25869	Students' daily work report of activities such as new writing on project documents.
25870	Students' daily work report of activities such as evaluating initial drafts and revising another's writing.
25871	Students' daily work report of activities such as discussing other school work and discussing social activities.
25872	Perceived difficulty in coordinating  work.
25873	The attachment of group members to each other.
25874	The fairness of the division of labor.
25877	Perceived quality of the group meetings.
25878	Number of communication occasions on a day and duration of the focal communication occasion.
25879	Perceived quality of the project so far.
25915	The extent to which various objectives of information systems (IS) planning had been achieved.
25916	The extent of improvement in the various capabilities of the information systems (IS) planning system.
25925	Years of schooling in the business programs of the university.
25926	Number of computer languages known.
25930	The extent of the group's influence and the extent to which the user had influence on the system.
25931	The number of conflicts that a user is engaged in  or the intensity of such conflicts.
25932	The extent to which conflict was resolved.
25933	User activities and assignments reflecting overall leadership or  accountability for the system development project.
25934	Specific physical design and implementation  tasks performed by users.
25935	The communication  evaluation  and approval activities  which take place between users and information system staff.
25936	The individual's performance score on the previous day of training.
25937	Respondents' expected ability to accomplish a task using an unfamiliar software package with different levels of assistance.
25939	Respondents' indications of how likely they thought it was that a variety of outcomes would result from their use of computers.
25940	Subjects' performance on two hands-on exercises that were used to assess their knowledge of the software packages.
25953	The degree to which an innovation provides benefits which supersede those of its precursor and may incorporate factors such as economic benefits  image enhancement  convenience and satisfaction.
25954	Feelings of favorableness or unfavorableness towards performing a behavior.
25955	Intentions to use information technology.
25957	Peer influence to use information technology.
25958	Superior influence to use information technology.
25959	Perceptions that significant referents desire the individual to perform or not perform a behavior.
25960	An individual's self-confidence in his/her ability to perform a behavior.
25961	The availability of technology needed to engage in a behavior  such as time  money or other specialized resources.
25962	The availability of resources needed to engage in a behavior  such as time  money or other specialized resources.
25963	The degree to which an innovation is perceived to be difficult to understand  learn or operate.
25964	The degree to which the innovation fits with the potential adopter's existing values  previous experience and current needs.
25965	Perceptions of internal and external constraints on behavior.
25976	The use of common specifications or formats (similar to those used with other partners) for the exchange of information and linking of processes at the interface between an enterprise and its supply chain partner.
25977	The timeliness  accuracy  relevance  and value of information exchanged  between an enterprise and its supply chain partner.
25978	The exchange of information covering diverse areas related to interlinked  business activities between an enterprise and its supply chain partner.
25979	The exchange of confidential and exclusive information between an  enterprise and its supply chain partners that provides the enterprise a unique perspective.
25980	An enterprise’s ability to leverage the knowledge resources of its partner  to create the knowledge required to adapt to market environment.
25981	The duration of the partnership between two enterprises in the supply chain.
25982	The extent to which supply chain partners adjust their process and procedural and structural parameters to suit each other’s needs and requirements.
25983	Expectations that supply chain partners have about working together to achieve and mutual and individual goals jointly.
26000	Whether the firm decided to use domestic insourcing.
26001	Whether the firm decided to use domestic outsourcing.
26002	Whether the firm decided to use offshore insourcing.
26003	Whether the firm decided to use offshore outsourcing.
26005	The congruence of the business strategy and information systems (IS) strategy.
26009	The degree to which the chief  information officer (CIO) and top management team (TMT) have a shared view and understanding about the role of information systems (IS) within the organization.
26011	The degree to which the chief  information officer (CIO) and top management team (TMT) share a common language and terminology in their communication.
26016	The extent to which a business process is loosely coupled  mature  and standardized enough to be separated from a firm’s other business processes  executed independently  and recombined  without loss of functionality.
26018	The extent to which the process and its underlying information technology (IT) infrastructure  are loosely coupled to allow separation  independent execution  of the process on another IT infrastructure  and recombination without loss of functionality.
26019	The structural position of the chief  information officer (CIO) within the organization that allows for official access to the top management team (TMT).
26020	Frequency of informal interaction of the chief  information officer (CIO) with the top management team (TMT).
26021	Degree to which the chief  information officer (CIO) personally manages the expectations of the top management team (TMT) about the capabilities of how IS can support corporate strategy.
26022	The extent to which human  skills  knowledge and understanding associated with a business  process are firm specific and nontransferable to other uses.
26023	Degree to which the chief  information officer (CIO) organizes educational events for the top management team (TMT) to inform them of how IS can support corporate strategy.
26024	The extent to which knowledge embedded in the business process such as operating procedures  routines  and embedded data and information are specific to the firm.
26025	The extent to which it is valuable to the firm  rare among the firm’s competitors  and difficult for competitors to substitute and imitate.
26026	Perceived risk of losses in financial health  competitive position  and market share.
26027	Similarity between the chief  information officer (CIO) and top management team (TMT) with regard to: Common interests/experiences  functional background  educational level  and organizational tenure.
26028	Similarity between the chief  information officer (CIO) and top management team (TMT) with regard to age and gender.
26029	Firm's intent to use sourcing mechanisms for intents such as entry into new markets  access to technologies and skilled personnel  and reduction of time to market of products.
26030	Whether the firm has prior experience in domestic outsourcing.
26031	Whether the firm has prior experience in offshore outsourcing.
26032	Perceived costs of coordination between the firm and the vendor.
26033	Perceived costs of negotiation between the firm and the vendor.
26035	Whether the business process was a information technology process.
26036	The extent to which a respondent’s business unit performance performed better than its competitors in terms of sales growth  profits  overall financial performance  company reputation  and return on investment.
26037	Process coupling with customers.
26038	Process coupling with channel partners.
26039	Sharing insights and understanding of the business context with customers.
26040	Sharing insights and understanding of the business context with channel partners.
26041	The seamlessness with which data and applications interoperate across business unit boundaries and customers.
26042	The seamlessness with which data and applications interoperate across business unit boundaries and channel partners.
26043	The extent to which the information systems applications can be adapted quickly to the changes in business requirements  including partnerships and volume of business.
26044	The organizationwide generation of market intelligence pertaining to current and future customer needs  dissemination of the intelligence across departments  and organizationwide responsiveness to it.
26045	Revenue at the corporate level.
26048	Consumers’ perceptions of the ability of a website to convey relevant product  information that can assist them in understanding and evaluating the quality and performance of products sold online.
26049	The extent to which consumers  believe their online shopping experiences are consistent with their existing styles  habits  and past experiences in physical shopping environments.
26050	Consumers’ feelings of shopping enjoyment.
26051	Consumers’ overall evaluations  of products.
26052	Consumers' overall evaluations of a shopping experience  at a particular website.
26053	The likelihood that customers will complete purchases on particular  websites.
26054	Consumers' intentions to return to the website.
26055	Willingness to provide personal information to transact on the Internet.
26056	Perceived risk of opportunistic behavior related to the disclosure of  personal information submitted by Internet users in general.
26057	Concerns about opportunistic behavior related to the personal information  submitted over the Internet by the respondent in particular.
26058	Trust beliefs reflecting confidence that personal information submitted to Internet websites will be handled competently  reliably  and safely.
26059	Personal interest or cognitive attraction to Internet content  overriding privacy concerns.
26060	The extent to which an information appliance is perceived as being able to provide pervasive and timely connections.
26064	The degree to which a technology is  perceived as providing benefits in performing certain activities.
26065	The extent to which a technology is perceived as being easy to understand and use.
26066	The extent to which the  activity of using an innovation is perceived to be enjoyable in its own right  apart from any performance  consequences that may be anticipated.
26067	The individual’s tendency to seek uniqueness through  the adoption and use of symbolic products or innovations  for the purpose of enhancing the self-concept.
26068	The extent to which users believe that “important others” would approve or disapprove of their performing a given behavior.
26069	Consumers’ intention to adopt a product.
26098	The extent of team members’ use of conference calls  e-mail  telephone  fax  video conferencing  voice mail  and web collaboration tools.
26101	Evaluation of conflict and shared identity in distributed work groups.
26102	How often task knowledge—an understanding of the necessary activities to reach team goals—is not fully understood or shared by team members.
26103	How often relational knowledge—personal understanding of team members including individual cultures and norms—is insufficient.
26104	Surfaces when members disagree on the methods and processes required to complete tasks.
26105	The extent to which the leader collects and distributes information of a primarily internal nature  checks performance using traditional measures  and provides a sense of stability and continuity.
26106	The extent to which the leader anticipates work-flow problems and the maintaining of order  which involves the coordination of tasks  problem solving  and the maintenance of structure.
26107	The extent to which the leader is personally aware of individual needs  listens actively  is fair and supportive of legitimate requests  and facilitates the professional development of individual team members.
26108	The extent to which the leader is charged with fostering collective effort  building cohesion and teamwork  facilitating participation  and resolving conflict.
26109	Leader’s perceived ability to successfully influence a group  of individuals to maintain commitment to team goals.
26110	Frequency of face-to-face communication among team members.
26196	Consumers’ beliefs regarding a store’s positive characteristics  when it handles consumer transactions.
26203	The extent to which an advocacy of  an argument has intrinsic importance or personal meaning.
26204	The extent to which participants  accessed the 13 trust-assuring arguments.
26206	Whether the source and recipient are in a hierarchical (superior-subordinate or subordinate-superior) relationship.
26207	Number of cubicles between a source and recipient.
26208	Whether source and recipient are in different work units.
26209	Number of knowledge transfers from a particular source to a particular recipient.
26210	The ratio of the number of directions in a source and recipient’s portfolio divided by the total number of knowledge transfers in their portfolio.
26211	Performance rating by immediate supervisor of the recipient.
26212	Number of years of information systems (IS) work experience of the source or recipient.
26213	Number of years that the source or recipient has worked for the firm.
26214	Highest level of education completed by the source or recipient.
26216	Whether the source and recipient have worked together previously.
26217	How actors within an online community relate and interact with each other.
26218	A subjective feeling of being together with others in a virtual environment.
26219	The use of a single label to present (identify) oneself.
26220	The means by which the focal person presents herself online.
26221	Use of the digital organization of social information with which community members can identify the focal person.
26222	The perceived confirmation from other community members of a focal person’s belief about his identities.
26223	Whether a member is content with his access to the community resources.
26224	Length of time members have been with an online community.
26225	Meeting with other members of an online community in face-to-face interactions.
26228	Cognitive beliefs about the favorable or unfavorable characteristics  of the currency  accuracy  completeness   relevance  and reliability of the exchange information.
26229	The availability of adequate information to verify or assess the data exchange taking place.
26230	The availability of specific information about exchange outcomes.
26231	The extent to which one believes  uncertainty exists about whether desirable outcomes will occur.
26232	The extent to which the exchange is vital or critical to the organization.
26233	The tendency of individuals to  take risky actions and affects perceived risk.
26234	The intent to employ the exchange in the future.
26235	Perceptions about the characteristics of a person and positive characteristics that tie into one’s hopes.
26236	An individual’s general tendency to trust others.
26237	The extent to which an individual perceives a website to be useful in performing shopping tasks.
26238	The degree to which a medium allows an individual to establish a personal connection  with others.
26241	Participant's familiarity with Amazon.com.
26242	Consumer's frequency of visits to Amazon.com.
26243	Whether recommendations were present on the website.
26244	Whether consumer reviews were present on the website.
26245	The extent of change in user requirements over the course of the project.
26246	The extent to which users differed  amongst themselves in their requirements.
26247	The extent to which a  conversion process can be reduced to mechanical steps or objective procedures.
26248	The extent to which the task of converting requirements specifications to software could be undertaken using well-established procedures.
26249	The extent to which unexpected and novel events occur during the conversion process.
26250	The extent to which coordination between users and Information  Systems staff is undertaken through vertical means such as authorized entities.
26251	The extent to which coordination between users and  Information Systems staff is undertaken through mutual adjustments and communications    whether through personal or group means.
26252	The extent of  difficulty in estimating the performance-related outcomes of a project  regardless of  the specific estimation technique used.
26253	Knowledge acquired by the firm.
26254	The extent to which the development process was under control.
26255	The quality of interactions between Information Systems staff and users during the development process.
26256	Technical performance of the software.
26257	How well the software responds to the needs of its users.
26258	The software's ability to adapt to changing business needs.
26259	The percentage that actual costs for the project overrun originally budgeted costs.
26260	The percentage that actual completion time for the project overrun originally budgeted completion time.
26261	The percentage that actual systems and programming effort for project overrun originally budgeted effort.
26262	Whether participants use the executive support systems to look for specific information.
26263	Whether participants use the executive support systems to browse through information without a particular problem to solve or question to answer.
26264	The learning process in which new information  fits into existing mental models and confirms them.
26265	The process of changing mental models to fit with new environments  or to handle disconfirming  information.
26295	Active engagement of top management with information systems (IS) implementation.
26297	The adequacy  and the quality in addition to the amount of technical  support and training provided.
26298	The extent to which  an information system actually contributes to achieving organizational goals  i.e.  its effect on organizational performance.
26299	User satisfaction with convenience of access  currency of reports  timeliness of reports  reliability of reports  relevancy of reports  accuracy of reports  and completeness of reports.
26300	The impact of  an information system on the performance of the business  including pre-tax profit  sales revenue  staff productivity  competitive advantage  operating cost  and quality of decision-making.
26411	Those that denote evidence of a seller excelling in fulfilling basic contractual obligations.
26412	Those that give evidence of a seller’s extraordinary goodwill behavior.
26413	Those that provide extraordinary evidence of incompetence and unreliability.
26414	Those that offer evidence of a seller intentionally acting opportunistically and trying to exploit buyers.
26416	A truster's beliefs about a trustee's goodwill intentions  even given the trustee's opportunity to take advantage of the trustor.
26417	The buyer’s belief that a seller is competent and reliable  would perform a transaction effectively  and would acknowledge guarantees and promises.
26418	The monetary amount above the average price received by multiple sellers that sell a perfectly duplicate product during a finite period.
26420	All comments that do not fall under the four extraordinary categories.
26421	Positive  negative  or neutral seller ratings.
26422	Number of unique buyers bids in a single auction.
26423	Mean price (for each product) subtracted from the final price of the product paid by the buyer  divided by the product's mean price.
26424	Whether a buyer has transacted with the same seller prior to the focal transaction.
26425	The buyer’s familiarity with eBay’s marketplace.
26429	The number of unique ideas.
26430	The sum of the quality scores for each  unique idea generated by each group.
26431	Average quality of ideas generated by each group.
26432	Number of ideas that judges rated to be of quality 3 or higher.
26433	The extent to which users believe the information system  available to them meets their information requirements.
26435	Trainees were directed first to observe the trainer  who performed the procedures on a computer with the image projected to the screen  then to attempt the same task independently.
26440	Ability to understand instructions  potential for learning a job quickly  ability to solve problems  ability to come up with new ideas and new work directions.
26441	Trainees' actual use of the system.
26444	Procedural and general knowledge of the computer system.
26461	Extent to which exists joint effort and cooperation between the two companies in long range planning  product planning  product engineering (component  design)  process engineering (for the manufacturer)  tooling development  (for the supplier)  technical assistance  training/education.
26462	How likely will major changes occur in the  component in four areas (i.e.  functionality improvements  major product innovations   major manufacturing innovations  price/performance ratio improvements).
26465	Whether the firm owns all or part of the supplier.
26466	How long is this supplier's current contract for the production and delivery of this component.
26469	Extent to which both firms understand each others goals and priorities  products  and processes  and roles and responsibilities.
26471	Extent to which their exists an equal sharing between the two firms of risks  burden  and benefits.
26473	The uncertainty a focal firm perceives about its relationship with a business partner.
26474	Whether purchasing  engineering  quality  production control  transportation and payment data is exchanged in electronic form with this supplier in this function.
26606	Perceived positive and negative consequences for the firm.
26607	The adoption of information technology.
26609	The strength of conscious plans to perform the target behavior.
26610	A person's normative beliefs salient individuals or groups (referents) think the behavior of interest should or should not be performed.
26611	Social expectations.
26613	Perceived control of information technology (IT) adoption decisions.
26631	The year of first adoption of outsourcing.
26632	The year of first adoption of computer aided software engineering.
26633	The year of first adoption of object oriented programming system.
26634	The year of first adoption of database management systems.
26635	The year of first adoption of executive information systems.
26636	The year of first adoption of teleconferencing.
26637	The year of first adoption of expert system
26638	The year of first adoption of e-mail.
26639	The year of first adoption of core process technology.
26640	The year of first adoption of electronic data interchange.
26641	The size of the information system unit.
26664	The ratio of IS budget to sales reflecting the amount spent on IS per unit sales.
26666	Satisfaction with return on investment  net profit  corporate investment  return on sales  and financial liquidity.
26667	Count of adopted technologies.
26668	The importance placed on introducing new information technologies into the organization and scanning the  environment for new technological developments.
26669	Top management commitment to information systems (IS)  understanding of the  role of IS in supporting organizational strategy  identification  of information technology (IT) opportunities to support the strategic  direction of the firm.
26671	A constant eight-second delay per page was provided for the slow site  with no such delay for the fast site.
26674	The familiar site contained images  prices  and descriptions of products found in grocery and/or hardware stores almost anywhere.
26675	The unfamiliar site contained fictitious software products and accessories  and their categories were meaningless.
26677	The broad type was created with two levels to transverse (nine hyperlinks per page) and the deep structure contained four levels to transverse (three hyperlinks per page).
26679	How many of nine search tasks were correctly accomplished.
26680	User interaction satisfaction.
26681	How readily the subject would visit the site again and how likely he or she would recommend that others visit the site.
26683	The degree to which a firm makes partner-specific investments  in tangible physical resources  developing knowledge of partner procedures   culture  and technological know-how.
26684	The degree to which informal and formal  mechanisms are established for the exchange of information and knowledge between  the focal firm and its supply chain partners.
26685	The degree to which long-term considerations   mutual gains  and informal governance characterize a firm's relationships with its  partners.
26686	The extent to which operational  tactical  and strategic information is shared between a firm and its supply chain partners for supply chain coordination.
26687	The total number of full-time or equivalent  organizational employees.
26688	The length of the product life cycle and likelihood of  forecasting errors.
26691	Whether the consumer   believes that the linked organization has one or more characteristics beneficial to oneself.
26692	Whether the link is   between organizations sharing business affiliations  such as partnerships  or a link  that represent advertisements.
26693	The extent to which the organizations were seen as having a business relationship with each other.
26694	The extent to which the linked organizations were perceived as being similar.
26695	Whether the consumer   believes that the organization sending the link has one or more characteristics beneficial to oneself.
26699	The number of months the subject had been using the Web.
26700	The subject's technical work experience in months.
26701	Subject's frequency of online purchases.
26702	Frequency of Web use.
26703	Consumer's propensity to trust Web sites in general.
26704	Perceived ease of use of the  linked organization's Web site.
26705	Perceived ease of use of the  Web site of the organization sending the link.
26706	Perceptions of the graphics on the Web site of the organization sending the link.
26707	Perceptions of the graphics on the linked organization's Web site.
26708	The consumer uses search engines to search online sellers.
26709	The consumer goes directly to the preferred seller's Web site.
26710	The consumer uses shopping agents to find online sellers.
26711	The consumer uses a search engine and information from the preferred seller.
26712	Buyer's perceptions about the price dispersion in online markets.
26713	Buyers' attitude toward their preferred online seller's prices.
26714	Buyers' estimates of expected gains from online search.
26715	Buyers' perceptions about the prices they pay at the preferred  online seller.
26716	The opportunity cost of time spent in search.
26717	A buyer's awareness of online shopping agents or price comparison  Web sites.
26720	Business structure in which knowledge and control of tasks centralized at top of business unit; communication is predominantly vertical; strong hierarchy of authority and control-many rules; tasks broken down into specialized  separate tasks.
26723	A business structure in which knowledge and control of tasks located anywhere in business unit; communication is predominantly horizontal; weak hierarchy of authority and control-few rules; employees contribute to the common task of their department; tasks are adjusted and redefined through employee interaction.
26726	How strongly Firm M emphasizes or encourages  local autonomy  for decision-making for their business unit.
26735	Striving to be the low-cost producer in the industry.
26738	Seeking to differentiate the product/service offering from rivals' products/services.
26740	Focusing on a narrow portion of the market.
26747	Volatility of net sales (or profits) over the past five years.
26750	Workflow involves serial interdependence in the sense that act Z can be performed only after successful completion of act Y  which in turn rests on act X  etc.
26753	Workflow links customers and producers who are or wish to be interdependent.
26756	Work selection  combination  and ordering are determined by feedback from the object itself.
26757	The minimum number of changes (if any) required to make each query from each participant semantically correct.
26758	The degree to which the business unit was strategically dependent on information technology for introducing new products/ services
26759	The degree to which the business unit was strategically dependent on information technology for creating product/service differentiation.
26760	An enterprise resource planning (ERP) package's initial misfit on the delivered system quality after implementation.
26761	The degree to which the business unit was strategically dependent on information technology for improving market access.
26762	The degree to which the business unit was strategically dependent on information technology for establishing competitive advantage.
26763	The service quality provided by consultants.
26764	The total time taken (in minutes) to compose the query for each information request.
26765	Whether the firm adopted an enterprise resource planning (ERP) package developed by a local vendor in Taiwan.
26766	Participants' confidence that the query produced results that satisfied the given information request.
26767	The difference in strategic impact between future anticipated applications and existing systems.
26771	Perceived enterprise resource planning (ERP) system quality delivered after implementation.
26774	The extent to which top management  provides necessary involvement  resources  and authority in guiding and assisting enterprise resource planning (ERP) implementation.
26777	Positive attitudes toward the system and willingness to  participate in the implementation and to accept the change brought about by the  system.
26787	Top managers' evaluation of their company's risk management performance relative  to the life/health insurance industry average.
26788	Modifying an organization's environment  or modifying the organization's response to the environment in an attempt to  reduce uncertainty about critical events.
26789	Organizations that create self-contained task groups in order to reduce the amount of information processing occurring at the top hierarchical levels of the organization.
26790	Organizations that create and enhance vertical information systems in order to  engage in more frequent planning in response to increased environmental uncertainty  improve the quality and timeliness of organizational intelligence about competitors and market trends  and reduce decision-making time by providing  the necessary information more rapidly and accurately.
26791	Organizations that  create lateral relations that cut across lines of authority  distributing information out to those who need it throughout the organization  increasing timely participation in decision making  and distributing decision-making authority to the level at which the information exists rather than bringing intonation up to the point of decisions in order to increase the capacity to process information.
26792	A set of strategic patterns.
26793	Total admitted assets (the industry-accepted  measure of company size) averaged over the three-year period 1998-2000.
26794	Each organization's  percent of business in   ordinary life  group life  credit life  individual accident/health  group accident/health  credit accident/health  individual annuity  group annuity  and industrial.
26833	Number of reports or searches requested.
26834	Types of reports requested  general versus specific use.
26835	Frequency of report requests  number of times discuss information.
26836	Direct versus indirect.
26837	Percentage of times use the information system (IS) to perform a task.
26838	Connect time  hours per week.
26840	Voluntary or mandatory.
26841	Number of business tasks supported by the information system (IS).
26842	Specific versus general use.
26843	Appropriate versus inappropriate use.
26844	Degree of dependence on use.
26847	The extent to which a user is absorbed when using the system.
26850	The extent to which features in the system that relate to the core aspects of the task are used.
26884	The variability and unpredictability of market demand.
26886	The extent to which IT facilitates common  operations between supply-chain partners  such as purchasing  production  and logistics operations.
26887	The extent  to which IT is used to support collaborative decision making and performance control  by the partners.
26888	The extent to which a manufacturer perceives its suppliers as responsive to its purchasing requirements.
26889	The extent to which a manufacturer’s cost performance is comparable to that  of its major competitors in the following aspects: production cost  inventory cost  and  distribution cost.
26893	A manufacturer’s ability to develop or modify product designs rapidly.
26894	A manufacturer’s ability to operate efficiently at different levels of output.
26895	A manufacturer’s ability to produce a widely varied product mix simultaneously.
26896	A manufacturer’s ability to launch new product designs  into production speedily.
26897	A manufacturer’s ability  to respond to the needs of its target markets.
26898	Whether the potential online shopper believes that the online store is benevolent  competent  honest  or predictable.
26902	Whether the potential online shopper is willing to expose him- or herself to the possibility of loss and transact with the online store.
26904	Whether the online store is affiliated with a known portal.
26906	Whether the online store utilizes satisfied customers' endorsements.
26908	The belief that purchasing from iBook should  with good probability  result in either an overall positive outcome  or an overall negative outcome.
26910	Whether the individual eventually purchased from iBook.
26918	Perceived quality that could be easily grasped by a visitor making  an initial examination of a vast site.
26926	Whether the participant believed that the provider of the Web site had a good reputation  had a history delivering that kind of  information  and was competent to provide that information.
26927	Perceived potential outcomes obtained with the use of the stimulus Web site.
26928	Participant's willingness to pay for an annual subscription to the stimulus Web site.
26929	Respondent's estimate of the average bid for the annual subscription to the prototype Web site being demonstrated.
26930	How much importance each respondent placed on sports.
26931	The participant was using a system that required ratings of interest in the report after each viewing.
26932	The participant was using a system that automatically constructs user profiles from their browsing behavior.
26933	Individual motivations for information access  such as social interaction  gaining information  and loving information technology.
26934	User satisfaction with the information content of the system.
26935	User satisfaction with the personalized services of the system.
26936	User satisfaction with the user interface of the system.
26937	User satisfaction with the system value of the system.
26938	The portion of recommended news that is relevant (i.e.  number of recommended and read/number of recommended).
26939	The portion of relevant news that is recommended (number of recommended and read/total number  read).
26940	Push to dominate (i.e.  increase market share) even if this means reduced prices and cash flow.
26941	Reliance on detailed  numerically oriented studies prior to action.
26942	Emphasis on cost cutting and efficiency; internally 'lean and mean'.
26943	Forming tight marketplace alliances (e.g.  with customers  suppliers  and distributors).
26944	Having forward-looking  long-term focus.
26945	First to introduce new products and services; a step ahead of the competition.
26946	Reluctance to embark on risky projects.
26947	Creativity and experimentation are strengths.
26948	The alignment between business unit strategic orientation and information systems strategic orientation.
26956	Perceptions of market growth.
26957	Perceptions of profitability.
26960	IS deployments used by the business unit when pursuing aggressive marketplace action.
26961	Information systems deployments used by the business unit when conducting analyses of business situations.
26962	Information systems deployments used by the business unit to improve the efficiency of company operations.
26963	Information systems deployments used by the business unit to strengthen marketplace links.
26964	Information systems deployments used by the business unit for forecasting and anticipation purposes.
26965	Information systems deployments used by the business unit to expedite the introduction of products/services.
26966	Information systems deployments used by the business unit to make business risk assessments.
26967	Information systems deployments used by the business unit to facilitate creativity and exploration.
26968	The synthesis of individual team members’ information and expertise through social interactions.
26969	The number of correct decisions the team made.
26970	Number of team members.
26972	The overall pattern of interactions among team members.
26973	The degree to which members shared a common understanding of what was important to the task.
26974	The quality of ties among network members and represent the motivation that an individual has to exchange resources within that network.
26975	The extent to which a group's use of the electronic meeting system (EMS) structures was consistent with the original design intent of the system developers.
26976	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
26977	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
26980	Perceived quality of the information technology system.
26981	Perceived quality of the information technology plan.
26982	Perceived quality of the information.
26983	Perceived quality of the information technology communication.
26984	Perceived impact of strategic information systems use.
26985	Perceived impact of tactical information systems use.
26986	Perceived impact of operational information systems use.
26988	Perceived quality of the information technology hardware.
26989	Whether the organization was formal or entrepreneurial.
26990	Commitment to knowledge management by  the top levels of management  exhibited via understanding  of the role of knowledge management in business  strategy  and goals set with  respect to knowledge management.
26991	Formal appraisal and recognition of efforts  by knowledge workers for furthering knowledge sharing and  reuse.
26992	The extent of encouragement provided to and experienced by a coworker in sharing/using solutions to work-related problems  openness of communication  opportunity for face-to-face and electronic meetings to share/use knowledge and so on.
26993	The extent of encouragement provided to and experienced by a supervisor in sharing/using solutions to work-related problems  openness of communication  opportunity for face-to-face and electronic meetings to share/use knowledge and so on.
26994	Quality of knowledge of various kinds  including its relevance  accuracy  timeliness  applicability   comprehensibility  presentation formats  extent of insight   availability of expertise and advice  and so on.
26995	Quality of knowledge management systems described above. Includes  accessibility (from anywhere/anytime)  ease of use for  retrieval as well as input  output flexibility to meet the needs   search capability  documentation  and so on.
26996	Subjective evaluation of the extent to which the person   believes that contributing to and using available and  knowledge-sharing capabilities existing within the  organization improve his or her job performance   productivity  effectiveness  ease of doing the job  and so on.
26997	Subjective evaluation of the various outcomes due to the  knowledge sharing/retrieval capabilities existing within the  organization  including ease of getting the information/  knowledge needed  satisfaction with the access to  knowledge  adequacy of the information/knowledge to  meet one’s needs.
26998	Degree to which a knowledge worker believes he or she   has incorporated procedures for the capture and use of  knowledge of various types into decision-making activities   routine and otherwise.
26999	Diversity that arises from differences in educational background  experience  and expertise among team members.
27000	National and linguistic differences among members as well as differences along broader cultural dimensions.
27003	The extent to which the team relies on communication technology.
27004	Differences in viewpoints pertaining to team tasks.
27005	Disagreement  both manifest and latent  among team members and implies incompatible goals or interests that involves  personal issues such as mutual dislike  personality clashes  and annoyance among team members.
27006	The degree of ambiguity in paths toward and solutions to the task.
27007	The extent to which team members need to rely on each other to accomplish their task.
27008	The objective grade awarded to the team.
27009	The conflict was resolved by solving the problem through collaboration.
27010	The conflict was resolved by solving the problem through assertion.
27011	The conflict was resolved by ignoring the problem.
27012	The conflict is blamed  on the characteristics or behavior of individuals.
27013	The conflict is blamed on the situation or context.
27014	The conflict is blamed on the characteristics of social categories.
27015	Volume of electronic communication.
27016	The extent the medium enables message recipients to give rapid feedback on the information they receive.
27017	The degree of structuredness and programmability of the task.
27018	Accuracy of judgments on each deception detection (DD) test case.
27019	The number of correct answers divided by the total number of multiple choice questions in each knowledge test.
27020	Subjects received no training on deception detection.
27021	Subjects were given traditional lectures to detect deception.
27022	Subjects used a computer based training system for DD (deception detection).
27023	Perceived learnability of the revised A99.
27024	Perceived satisfaction of the revised A99.
27026	Perceived ease of use of the revised A99.
27027	Perception of whether the A99 can provide better learning achievement than traditional training or not.
27037	The encouragement by others within the individual's reference group.
27038	The extent of assistance available to the older adults in facilitating the use of information and communication technology (ICT).
27039	A person's self-perceived  capability on certain Internet-specific tasks such as entering URLs  creating bookmarks  and folders  and using file transfer protocol  and telnet.
27040	User's outcome expectations  from the computer training courses.
27041	A state of uneasiness and apprehension about computers.
27042	User's intention of future Internet use.
27043	The user's potential to fully utilize information and communication technology in order to better his or her performance of specific job tasks.
27044	The extent to which a product used by a firm cannot be easily  utilized by other firms.
27045	The amount of information necessary  to describe the attributes of a product.
27046	The extent to which the frequency of purchases of a product is predictable.
27047	The extent to which the volume of purchases of a product is predictable.
27048	The uncertainty attributable to  the market environment in which products are traded.
27049	Adoption intent of   a B2B e-marketplace among organizational  buyers.
27050	The level of participation in B2B e-marketplaces.
27051	Information technology capabilities of an organization.
27052	The previous year's total revenue and the number of employees within each organization.
27053	The extent of adoption by competitors within an industry.
27054	Perceived success of the organization's competitors who had already adopted EDI.
27055	Perceived  dominance of the organization's suppliers who had already adopted EDI.
27056	The extent of adoption by suppliers.
27062	The range of business functions (accounting  manufacturing   sales  etc.) that share ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation.
27063	The organizational locations that the ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation can reach (link)  such as  departments  divisions  entire company  and multiple companies.
27064	The regional  national   and global reach of the ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation.
27065	The extent to which the use of the  ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation reduced the operational costs and decreased the input/output  conversion ratio.
27066	The extent to which the ERP (enterprise resource planning)implementation provided better functionality  enhanced the quality of the users’ work  in terms of better access to corporate data  higher level of enterprisewide data integration   better sales forecasts  and improved quality of operations.
27067	The extent to which the ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation had provided firms with  more flexibility in response to changing business environments by providing new  ways to customize their processes and become more agile.
27068	Number of employees.
27069	Nonroutineness  difficulty  uncertainty  and interdependence.
27070	The amount of information processing required to effectively  manage a firm’s products  services  and value-chain activities.
27071	The expected overall cost savings from outsourcing an IT development project instead of pursuing it internally.
27072	Lack of trust that a vendor will honestly fulfill project obligations.
27073	The complexity of a project due to its size  scope  or technical novelty.
27074	Importance of the project to the client  organization’s business.
27075	The extent to which the outcome of a project can be precisely evaluated using predefined criteria such as project milestones   schedules  costs  and acceptable defect levels.
27076	The extent to which vendor employee  behaviors can readily be monitored during the development process once a project  has been outsourced.
27077	The technical skills  and knowledge of the client’s internal technical staff in the domain of the outsourced project.
27078	The extent to which the client can precisely communicate project requirements to a vendor at the beginning of a project.
27080	The extent to which the  respondent would recommend outsourcing a project and believed that outsourcing  that project was attractive from his or her organization’s perspective.
27081	The number of project-level outsourcing decisions in which the respondent had previously been directly involved.
27082	Level of confidence in the evaluation of the project profiles.
27083	How long the respondent had been with the firm.
27084	Situations where information and computer technologies (ICTs) force users to work  faster and longer.
27085	The invasive effect of information and computer technologies (ICTs) in terms of  creating situations where users can potentially be reached anytime  employees feel the need to be constantly connected  and there is a blurring between work-related and personal contexts.
27086	Situations where the complexity  associated with information and computer technologies (ICTs) makes users feel inadequate as far as their skills are concerned and forces them to spend time and effort in learning and understanding various aspects  of ICTs.
27087	Situations where users feel threatened  about losing their jobs as a result of a new information and computer technology (ICT) replacing them  or to other people  who have a better understanding of the ICT.
27088	Contexts where continuing changes and upgrades in an information and computer technology (ICT) unsettle users and create uncertainty for them  in that they have to constantly learn and educate themselves about the new ICTs.
27089	When an individual is exposed to contradictory   incompatible  or incongruent role requirements.
27090	When the requirements from an individual’s role exceed his or her capacity in terms of the level of difficulty or the amount of work.
27092	Knowledge associated with a given application domain targeted for ERP implementation.
27093	Expertise  experience  skills  rules  and standards that are needed to develop applications  manage systems development activities  “bind” IT infrastructure components into reliable services  and manage a project implementation life cycle.
27094	User's overall willingness to participate in defining data inputs/outputs  system needs  and enterprise resource planning implementation requirements.
27095	Senior management's enthusiasm  support  personal involvement  and overall leadership of the enterprise resource planning implementation.
27096	Whether hardware  software  network  and the necessary server and database technologies were in position prior to the enterprise resource planning implementation.
27097	Number of employees.
27098	The range of business processes that are shared by enterprise resource planning implementation.
27099	The locations that the enterprise resource planning system can reach (link)  such as departments  divisions  entire company  multiple companies  and so on.
27100	The geographic reach of the enterprise resource planning implementation  such as regional  national  and global.
27101	Reducing cost and cycle time  increasing productivity of the production process   and improving quality and customer service.
27102	Improving decision making and planning  and resource management and delivery.
27103	Building flexibility into IT infrastructure to reduce IT cost  by differentiating products and services  and by establishing and maintaining external linkages to customers and suppliers.
27104	The necessary activities and behaviors within teams to transform members’ individual knowledge to team knowledge that ultimately guides action for project success.
27105	The extent of understanding of each other’s knowledge and expertise in terms  of the existence of knowledge “map” in the team  the association between task   assignments and members’ knowledge  knowing each other’s special knowledge  and skills  and knowing who has the relevant knowledge for his or her work.
27106	The extent to which their teams shared a  common understanding of the development technology  the application domain (or  business topic selected for the project)  the development procedures  and the overall vision of the software development project.
27107	The extent to which  their team operated efficiently  met the schedule  produced products with appropriate  quantity and quality  and interacted effectively with people inside and outside the  team.
27108	The number of meetings  calls  and e-mails that their teams had conducted during the prior week.
27109	The extent of prior interactions among members.
27110	Whether the team was mixed-gender.
27111	Whether a majority of team members shared a common major.
27112	Whether the source was printed media  static internet  dynamic internet  knowledge bases  supervisor  department coworkers  other coworkers  or others outside the organization.
27113	Perceived quality of the information source.
27114	The frequency of use of sources in daily work tasks.
27115	The extent to which an individual perceives that any particular source is  available for use.
27116	Perceived complexity of tasks.
27117	Firm's primary strategy/operating focus.
27118	The extent to  which certain business activities had been implemented at the process level.
27119	A deviation or difference from an ideal situation.
27127	Current technical knowledge and the  ability to deploy  use  and manage those skills.
27128	The ability to provide efficient and cost-effective operations  on an ongoing basis.
27129	The processes for gathering  interpreting   and using market information.
27130	The capability to develop  support  and maintain strong  brands.
27131	The ability to provide superior customer service.
27132	The proportion of a firm’s tangible resources devoted to online operations.
27133	Online performance compared to the firm’s original objectives and online performance compared to that of the firm’s main competitors.
27134	The  firm’s established  distribution structure.
27135	Age of the firm in years.
27136	Number of employees and total sales.
27137	The time it took for participants to grab a target object from among the 48 objects following the onset of an audio cue tone.
27138	Whether the participants selected the wrong object.
27139	Participants' perceived task workload in each condition.
27141	Whether firms are willing to provide  whatever information is required for effective coordination.
27142	Unpredictability in the timing and volume of demand for the component.
27143	The amount of information the buyer has to specify to the supplier for effective order processing.
27144	The extent to which the market  through which a particular component is being sourced  consists of a large number of smaller firms providing a diverse set of products and prices.
27145	The extent to which a particular component is being sourced.
27146	The extent to which IT becomes an integral part of the organizational processes.
27147	On average  how many times the firm orders component C from supplier S.
27148	The percentage of total revenue and profits to the supplier that involves sales of the component to the firm.
27149	How much time it would take until satisfactory performance could be expected from the new supplier if the company were to switch suppliers for a component.
27151	The likelihood that an entity will exhibit trust.
27152	Participants' level of product expertise.
27153	Whether subject would prefer to save effort while making a decision.
27154	A consumer’s perception that an recommendation agent has the ability  skills  and expertise to perform effectively in specific domains.
27155	A consumer’s perception that an  recommendation agent cares about the consumer and acts in the consumer’s interest.
27156	The perception that an recommendation agent adheres to a set of principles (e.g.  honesty and keeping  promises) that are generally accepted by consumers.
27157	Level of knowledge  flows.
27158	The required hardware  software  vendor support  and IS personnel available to a subsidiary in the host country.
27159	The perceived dependence of the subsidiary on corporate headquarters  for essential hardware  software  vendor support  and skilled information systems personnel.
27160	The nature of the strategic relationship between parent and  subsidiary units in a given multinational corporation.
27161	Level of control and coordination exerted by the headquarters IS management over  subsidiary operations.
27162	Number of informal mechanisms.
27163	Number of formal mechanisms.
27164	A consumer’s perception that the e-vendor will fulfill security requirements  such as authentication  integrity  encryption  and nonrepudiation.
27165	A consumer’s perception of the likelihood or intention of e-vendors’ unauthorized use or disclosure of his or her confidential  information  which is collected during e-commerce transactions.
27166	Perceived speed and availability of access  the frequency of errors at different levels  the accuracy of the transaction record  and the rate of service failure during transactions.
27167	Consumer trust in e-vendors.
27168	The consumer’s  intention to engage in electronic commerce transactions with a selling entity through its Web site.
27169	The degree of a consumer’s concern about the assurance of Internet vendors  by third-party certifying institutions.
27170	A consumer’s degree of concern about referral or recommendation from social and relational sources (e.g.  friends  family  and professional review comments  etc.).
27171	The degree to which a culture reinforces individual achievement and relationships.
27172	The degree to which a culture reinforces collective achievement and relationships.
27173	The degree to which people tend to desire more formal  (structured) over informal (unstructured) arrangements.
27174	The degree to which society does or does not embrace long-term devotion to traditional values.
27175	Information about decisions is obtained from direct information sources such as watching  reading  reports  and databases.
27176	Information is obtained from personal information networks such as friends  business acquaintances  and relatives.
27177	The navigational scheme used to help or hinder users as they access different sections of a Web site.
27178	Balance  emotional appeal  aesthetics  and uniformity of the Web site overall graphical look.
27179	Web site elements that convey accurate or inaccurate information about products or services to a user.
27180	Consumer confidence in the Web site and willingness to rely  on the seller and take actions in circumstances where such action makes the consumer vulnerable to the seller.
27181	User satisfaction with the Web site.
27182	Perceived intention to visit or use a Web site in the future and to consider purchasing from it in the future.
27183	The organization and hierarchical layout of the content and pages in a Website.
27184	The tangible aspect of the online environment  that reflects the ‘look and feel’ or perceived attractiveness of a Website.
27185	Perceived ease of use.
27186	The degree to which members of a society feel uncomfortable with uncertainty and ambiguity.
27187	The degree to which users place trust  in the information technology (IT) artifact.
27188	The belief that the environment is  in proper order and success is likely because the situation is normal and favorable.
27189	Belief that structures are in place to promote success.
27190	A person’s intention to use e-commerce Web sites.
27191	The motivation to use word of mouth to share a user’s opinions.
27192	The quantity and speed of responses to posts.
27193	The extent to  which a consumer believes that getting product information from a website would be free of effort.
27194	The degree to which people tend to use or not use an application  to the extent they believe it will help them perform.
27195	The degree to which the word of mouth system on the retailer Web site is deemed to be relevant and useful.
27196	Participants' trust in the online vendor.
27197	Participants' intention to shop online.
27199	The explanations provided to convey  the reasoning behind processes and outcomes.
27200	The degree to which people are treated with politeness  dignity  and respect by decision  makers  whereas informational justice concerns the  explanations provided to convey the reasoning behind processes and outcomes.
27201	The evaluation of the fairness of economic and socioemotional outcomes.
27202	Perceptions of fairness with regard to processes and procedures used to make decisions concerning outcomes.
27203	Consumer trust in the service representative.
27204	Consumer trust in the e-customer service provider.
27205	Consumer trust in the other party.
27206	Users’ behavioral intentions to reuse the e-customer service.
27207	Perceived self-efficacy concerning the e-customer service Web site.
27208	Consumers’ overall perceptions of how  well they think a Web site works and looks  particularly in comparison to other sites.
27209	A consumer’s ability to  recognize that he or she has been previously exposed to the brand.
27210	The ability of a consumer to generate the brand from memory given a related cue  such as a product category.
27211	The set of negative or positive associations a consumer has with a brand.
27212	A consumer’s believing that a Web  site will act with benevolence  integrity  and competence toward the consumer.
27213	The extent to which a person displays  a tendency to be willing to depend on others across a broad spectrum of situations  and persons.
27214	The belief that the needed structural  conditions are present (e.g.  in the Internet) to enhance the probability of achieving  a successful outcome in an endeavor like e-commerce.
27215	Whether the truster is securely willing to depend  or intends to depend  on the trustee.
27216	The ability of the truster to believe and rely upon the trustee without any firsthand  knowledge of the trustee.
27217	Web consumers’ perceptions about relevance  clearness  and goodness of information on the health infomediary’s Web site.
27218	Web consumers’ perceptions about the clarity  understandability  and readability of information on the health infomediary’s Web site.
27219	Web consumers’ perceptions of the sufficiency  completeness  and necessity of information on the health infomediary’s Web site.
27220	Web consumers’ assessments of the usefulness of the health infomediary’s information.
27221	Web consumers’ perceptions about the health infomediary’s favorable evaluation.
27222	Web consumers’ positive experiences in interacting with infomediaries in general.
27223	Web consumers’ tendency to trust infomediaries.
27224	Web consumers’ perceptions about the health infomediary’s knowledge and competence in providing quality health information.
27225	Web consumers’ perceptions about how much the health infomediary cares about its users.
27226	Web consumers’ perceptions about the health infomediary’s good faith and honesty.
27227	Web consumers’ favorable trust feelings toward the health infomediary.
27228	Web consumers’ perceptions about extent of usage of the health infomediary.
27229	Overall evaluation based on the experience with the health infomediary over time.
27230	An individual’s general predisposition to trust other parties.
27231	Societal structures (e.g.  legislation  rules  guarantees  and third-party assurances) that people believe will make an environment trustworthy.
27232	Reason that arises from first impressions.
27233	The consideration of the costs or the rewards associated with a trustee acting in an untrustworthy way.
27234	Beliefs that certain outcomes will be generated and beliefs about whether or not an RA can effectively perform the behavior necessary to produce a desired outcome.
27235	Users’ control over a technology.
27236	The potential to verify the performance of a recommendation agent.
27237	The deliberation on the information about a trustee.
27238	Users’ extent of trust in recommendation agents.
27239	The consumer’s  perception that an RA has the skills and expertise to perform effectively in specific domains.
27240	The consumer’s perception that an RA cares about him or her and acts in his or her interest.
27241	The perception that an RA adheres to a set of principles (e.g.  honesty and keeping promises) generally accepted  by consumers.
27242	The proportion of organizational end users for whom each technology is available or accessible.
27244	The proportion of organizational end users for whom videoconferencing is available or accessible.
27249	The extent to which each technology is currently being used to support task-oriented group collaboration in the organization.
27273	Centralization or decentralization of major decisions involving capital budgets  new  product/service introduction  entry into major new markets  pricing of major product lines  methods of personnel selection  and work methods to be used.
27274	Joint project development  application sharing  exchange of ideas  information sharing  and project initiations through joint interaction between departments.
27275	Top management’s active promotion of intraorganization collaboration  promotion of interorganization collaboration  increasing use of virtual teams  and presence of a specific person in the organization with the responsibility to manage and promote collaboration.
27276	Number of employees.
27277	Number of information technology employees.
27278	The perceived benefits of the technologies currently used or used in the past in the organization to support task-oriented group collaboration.
27280	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
27281	An individual’s assessment that technology interaction  will be relatively free of cognitive burden; the facility with which the individual is able  to interact with a particular software artifact.
27282	The lack of sponsor's knowledge and experience available to the project.
27283	The lack of project manager's knowledge and experience available to the project.
27284	The lack of team knowledge and experience available to the project.
27285	Self-perceived reasons that explain behavior by referencing external pressures.
27287	The size of the project compared to others undertaken by the client organization over the past three years.
27290	Self-perceived reasons for behavior in terms of ambivalence between social norms and personal values.
27291	Person months.
27292	Users’ actions based on personal values and meaningful goals and outcomes.
27293	Users' actions that come instinctively and spontaneously.
27294	Support that the project and the project manager were given by the base organization.
27295	One’s feeling that system adoption and use is experienced as positive (desirable) or negative (undesirable).
27296	Users' intentions to use the system.
27299	The number of changes in budget  schedule  and scope.
27300	Number of changes in project sponsor  project manager  or client manager.
27301	The impact of changes in the external environment  business strategy  suppliers/vendors  and government on project performance.
27305	Schedule variance and budget variance.
27306	Quality of developed system (the outcome of the project that includes considerations of product quality and realized benefits).
27307	Firm's annual sales.
27308	The extent to which a firm operates in multiple product lines and market segments.
27309	Differences in total sales in an industry.
27310	Supplier concentration in the buyer firm’s industry.
27311	Whether the firm had material requirements planning  enterprise resources planning   shop floor management  and production planning and forecasting in use.
27312	The degree to which existing suppliers process orders through the Internet and the degree to which existing suppliers process orders using   electronic data interchange.
27313	Difficulty of finding staff with skills of managing Internet-based procurement and difficulty of finding staff with skills of managing electronic  data interchange.
27314	The number of suppliers that the firm was using.
27315	The percentage of custom parts and materials for production that were  purchased via e-procurement.
27316	The percentage of standard parts and materials for production that were purchased via e-procurement.
27317	The share of custom goods in all parts and materials for production.
27318	The degree to which the buyer firm’s information systems are integrated with those of suppliers.
27319	Users' set of expectations of the government.
27320	The extent to which the Web site users trust the competence and security of the Internet.
27321	Trusting beliefs that an e-government Web site will act responsibly when a citizen visits or transacts with it.
27322	Citizen’s assessment of whether the information on the  Web site is accurate  valid  and timely.
27323	The perceived system quality of an e-government Web site.
27324	Perceived service quality of an e-government  Web site.
27325	Web site users' intention to continue using the Web site.
27326	Web site users' satisfaction with the Web site.
27327	Member's age at the time he or she was surveyed.
27328	No schooling  primary school  secondary school  or university degree.
27329	Whether the participant had information technology-related education.
27330	The number of members there are in the work team.
27331	A set of behavioral habits or routines  reorganized in the individual’s best attempt to better fit the environmental demands.
27332	The number of alters listed in this network.
27333	The number of links between the network members.
27334	An ego’s degree of closeness to each alter.
27336	The degree of restrictions imposed on the ability of the  user to redistribute modified version(s) of the software.
27339	Hours per week spent working on open source software.
27340	How many open source software projects the participant has worked on.
27341	The developer feels that the activities   make the activity interesting and the activity is performed for its own sake rather than as a means to an end.
27342	Participants in that activity are able to overcome a cognitive challenge and resolve a problem.
27343	Developers' attitudes toward the end-users’ rights to use or modify the software.
27344	Developers' attitudes toward the freedom of end-users to redistribute the software.
27345	Developers' attitudes toward open source software participation as a social obligation.
27346	The extent to which developers participate in open source projects to enhance their status in the field through the recognition of their programming skills by peers.
27347	The extent to which developers are motivated by economic opportunity.
27348	The developer prefers a license type that requires that once an OSS is licensed by a developer  the subsequent  derivative software based on the original must also be licensed similarly.
27349	The developer prefers a license type that   requires that once an open source software is licensed by a developer  the subsequent  derivative software based on the original must also be licensed similarly. However  the derivative software can be released under a different license under certain conditions.
27350	The developer prefers a license type that   specifies that developers are not obliged to inherit the license of the original software for any derivative software  as long as credit for the underlying code is given to copyright holders.
27351	Knowledge that is high in domain knowledge specificity but low in contextual  knowledge specificity.
27352	Descriptions of  the tailoring problems  information cues  strategic knowledge  and causal knowledge.
27354	The quality of tailoring decisions.
27355	Effort needed for process tailoring.
27356	Subject’s experience in software development  experience in project management  and experience in software process.
27372	The extent to which the product recommendation agent (PRA) is perceived as sociable  warm  sensitive  personal  or intimate when it is used to interact with others.
27373	Participant's trusting beliefs toward the  product recommendation agent (PRA).
27374	The extent to which users feel a sense of fun from interacting with the product recommendation agent (PRA).
27375	Participant's perceived usefulness of the product recommendation agent (PRA).
27376	Participant's intentions to use the  product recommendation agent (PRA) for their next digital camera purchase.
27420	Contributors’ perceptions of the amount of time required to review a typical contribution to a knowledge repository and decide on its  outcome.
27421	Contributors’perceptions of the degree to which they are kept informed about the status and progress  of contributions as they travel through the validation process.
27422	Contributors’ perceptions of  the proportion of all contributions to a repository that are accepted and subsequently  published.
27423	The extent to which an individual believes that a repository  provides precise and accurate content that meets his or her knowledge needs.
27425	Participants' use of KBase.
27426	Level of expertise of technical issues.
27427	The rate at which contributors submit new knowledge  to the repository.
27428	Influence over the communication  experience  emphasizing individual choice and lack of obligation in the interaction.
27429	The ideas of communication (direction of communication) and reciprocity (externally based efficacy).
27430	The degree to which users’ input into a communication and the response they receive from the communication are simultaneous.
27431	The degree to which a medium facilitates awareness of other  people and interpersonal relationships.
27432	Attempts to intimidate others;  using influence  status  or power  to force issues on others;  inhibiting other group members from participation; and pressuring others to conform to a particular view.
27433	The degree to which group members are happy with the way (e.g.  procedures  deliberations) they arrived at an outcome.
27434	How results-oriented group members are  how effectively they  spend time on interactions  how meaningful their interactions are  and how thoroughly  they discuss issues.
27435	The degree to which group members participate in the discussion  develop discussion content  exchange information   and examine issues and ideas effectively and critically.
27436	The receptiveness of a group member to the communication  of others.
27441	A participant’s willingness to actively submit ideas is motivated by the opportunity to learn.
27442	A participant’s willingness to actively submit ideas is motivated by direct compensation  such as prizes and career options.
27443	A participant’s willingness to actively submit ideas is motivated by the functionalities that enable users to present themselves  their skills  knowledge  and work to the community in order to get attention and gain tribute.
27444	A participant’s willingness to actively submit ideas is motivated by appreciation  by the organizer and appreciation by peers.
27445	The individual is responsive to perceived inborn stimuli (e.g.  an inborn desire) or external incentives (e.g.  salary  social contacts  etc).
27446	Participation in the idea competition.
27447	Types of activity that senior management may be involved in.
27448	Distinct aspects of information technology usage that are not interchangeable and do not have to covary.
27449	Approximate total revenue of the organization and how many people are employed in the organization.
27453	The degree to which  an organization perceives that electronic procurement innovations provide safeguards to protect its users and to enable them to safely engage in online transactions.
27454	The range of user  behavior in the procurement process that can be governed by process standards.
27455	The scope of user requirements for the procurement process that can be governed  by process standards
27456	The extent to which electronic reverse auction  electronic catalog management  electronic order fulfillment  and electronic payment  settlement have diffused across a buyer firm’s procurement process.
27457	The number of individuals employed in procurement for direct/indirect goods (including management  purchasing agents/buyers  lawyers  and support staff) and the total dollar value of goods they procured in 2002.
27458	Whether the department’s total revenues increased after implementation of radiology information system and picture archiving and communication system.
27459	The time required for the generic process conducted in the radiology department of the hospital.
27460	Satisfaction of physicians  nurses  technologists  and administrative personnel.
27461	Customer satisfaction with the diagnostic imaging service.
27462	Guarantees in a contract that ensure that when performance expectations are not met  the user organization is paid a penalty for  nonperformance by the ASP.
27463	The difficulty in precisely defining the stream of services required from the application service provider.
27464	Whether there is interdependence  between the application service provider-hosted software and applications in the user firm.
27465	The extent to  which the vendor needs to acquire company-specific information to adequately perform    the outsourced task.
27466	Whether the contract is fixed price type or time and materials type.
27467	The difference between actual effort and that estimated by the application service provider to provide the service.
27468	The effectiveness  or efficiency with which transactions are undertaken.
27469	The importance  of service-level agreements.
27470	The length of time the application service provider agrees to provide  service to the end-user organization.
27471	The extent to which application service providers tailor services to suit clients  such as providing personalized content to suit a client’s business needs that may affect the trade-off between fixed price and time and materials contracts and the extent to which ex post performance is perceived.
27472	Communication and sharing of information  trust  dependence  and cooperation.
27473	The anticipation that the relationship will persist into the future.
27474	Clients' perceived unease with outsourcing to application service providers.
27475	Whether an application service provider has an advantage in service delivery.
27476	Whether application service providers use a contracting template that can take into account the legal and financial contingencies that may affect a transaction.
27478	Participants' mental orientation toward processing information either as a “grounding-oriented person” (focusing first on global impression before adding details to the larger picture)  or a “figural-oriented person”  (focusing on salient features of a stimulus first and examine global characteristics later).
27479	One’s general predisposition to trust or distrust other people.
27480	The task-related skills that enable an individual to be perceived as competent  within some specific domain.
27481	The extent to which the trustee’s actions  are likely to follow his or her espoused intentions.
27482	The extent to which an individual is believed to  feel interpersonal cares and concerns for others and to be willing to do “good” aside from an egocentric profit motive.
27483	Team member's trust beliefs toward the other team members.
27484	The likelihood of a significant disappointing outcome.
27485	Whether communication was face-to-face or through email messages among geographically and temporally distributed team members.
27486	Team members' intention to trust the other team members.
27487	The prespecification of the desired interim and final outputs without regard to the process by which the outputs are achieved.
27488	Controls that prescribe documented and repeatable methods and procedures to the controllee for accomplishing project activities.
27489	Mechanisms that minimize differences between the controller and controllee’s goals by promulgating common values  beliefs  and acceptable behaviors.
27490	A relational form of control that relies on the controllee engaging in behaviors that are consistent with the best interests of the controller without formal controls.
27491	The extent to which project requirements  unpredictably change over the course of the systems development life cycle.
27492	The extent to which users differ in their requirements for the project  can also affect performance.
27493	The extent to which the requirements  elicitation process can be reduced to a series of objective  mechanical steps can affect performance.
27494	The months of development work  project duration  dollar budget  and project size as compared to other IT projects in the company.
27495	The complexity of the project relative to other IT projects in the respondent's company.
27496	The controllee's team's performance relative to other IT project teams that they were familiar with.
27497	The extent to which the controllee understood the programming language  detailed technical design  technical design constraints  code testing and debugging procedures  development tools and coding environment  effective versus ineffective development practices  and the systems  development process.
27502	The individual  experience of increased  self-determination and efficacy.
27503	Consumer's intention to participation in further virtual new product development projects in the future.
27504	A willingness to rely on an exchange partner in whom one has confidence.
27505	Participants' perceived enjoyment of the task.
27506	Originality  imagination  metaphoric thinking  verbal capabilities  independent judgment  inclination to novelty and innovation motivation.
27509	Whether consumers had ever improved existing products or  had ideas for new products before.
27510	Consumers’ participation in decision making.
27513	The importance of providing  information/services to mobile consumers  at the right time in the right place to support their immediate needs.
27514	How much the location-based services (LBS) can be tailored to individual customers’ preferences  location  and needs.
27515	The extent to which users would reveal their personal information to use the location-based service (LBS).
27516	The number of times the participant had used mobile applications in the past six months.
27518	Consumers’ willingness to engage in an Internet shopping transaction with that Internet store.
27519	Content closely conforms to Toulmin’s model of argumentation.
27520	Content that does not closely conform to Toulmin’s model of argumentation.
27521	E-commerce assurance was made by an  Internet store itself.
27522	E-commerce assurance was made by an independent third party  such as an accountant or consumer’s organization.
27523	The prices of the watches that the participants could receive.
27524	The time elapsed from product conceptualization until final user acceptance of the product design.
27525	The extent of problem solving though support and integration  and the extent of open and authentic communication.
27526	Perceived quality of the product.
27527	The degree of interconnectedness between product components   extent of reuse of existing design features  and the number of new design features.
27528	Best-in-class practices  to improve process capabilities that support product development.
27529	The number of components used in a typical product.
27530	The cost of product design and prototyping  and the cost of overall product development.
27531	Having network membership restricted for strategic purposes.
27532	Having shared assumptions and values that guide actions and create typical behavior patterns by member firms.
27533	Ways in which member firms that violate shared norms  value and goals are punished.
27534	The assessment of firms' competence  skills  character  reliability  etc. within the network.
27535	The ease with which interactions between members are conducted.
27536	The degree to which integrations between members is protected.
27538	Whether respondents had developed a moralizing stance toward the ethical dilemma involving computer technology.
27540	The respondent's judgment of whether the individual's behavior was harmful or not harmful.
27541	Whether the respondent believed the actor or friend should be stopped or not stopped.
27542	Whether the respondent believed the actor or friend should be punished or not punished.
27543	Whether the respondent believed it was acceptable for countries to differ on the custom in question.
27544	Vignette described a situation addressing a person’s desire to maintain his/her privacy and secure his or her electronic communication by using encryption technology.
27545	This scenario represented the conventional knowledge domain (i.e.  an act that can have interpersonal consequences and that is meaningful in a specific social context).
27546	Vignette involved using computer technology to access and distribute a  banned game containing violent  sexual  and racial material.
27549	The degree of a user’s computer literacy.
27550	Poor  below average  average  above average  and rich.
27551	Person-days.
27553	Whether the project was development  reengineering  or maintenance.
27554	The availability of trained personnel for the project.
27556	The client’s past experience with outsourcing.
27557	Level of importance of project in a team.
27560	The number of employees in the whole client organization.
27561	Presence of alternative development firms in the client country.
27562	Presence of other competing development firms in India.
27563	Number of projects completed by the vendor for the same client.
27564	Whether the contract is fixed price or time and materials.
27565	The impact of team member turnover during the duration of the project.
27566	Duration of the project in days  between start of the project and final sign off.
27567	Number of personnel on project core team.
27568	The net the revenues attributed to the project and the costs allocated to the project.
27590	Average sales rank for the month of analysis.
27591	The persuasive content of reviews.
27592	Members’ rating of the helpfulness of the reviews.
27593	Whether the reviewers and the customer had similar geographical locations.
27594	The total number of reviews over all prior months.
27595	Whether subsequent reviewers disclosed information regarding their identity.
27596	Whether the reviews are interpreted as neither a strong positive nor a strong negative recommendation.
27597	Sales rank on Amazon.com for book.
27598	Sales volume on Amazon.com for book.
27599	Price offered by Amazon.com.
27600	Number of book reviews posted on Amazon.com for book since it was released.
27601	Minimum price of book offered by competing retailers and listed on Pricescan.com.
27602	Incremental sales associated with time-limited promotions offered by publishers.
27603	Average rating of all reviews posted for book since it was released.
27604	Population average rating for book.
27605	Long-term mean rating for each book.
27606	How long book has been on the market since it was released.
27607	Book category classified by Amazon.com.
27608	Shipping time stated by Amazon.com for took.
27675	The user chose to pay $9.00 for unlimited downloads.
27676	The user chose to pay $5.00 for the first five downloads  and $0.40 per download for any additional download.
27677	The user chose to pay $0.60 per download.
27678	The user chose to pay $0.90 per download with a down-load-two-get-one-free volume reward to encourage downloading more different items of knowledge  rather than downloading more units of the same item.
27686	The probability that users will recommend the repository to other users.
27687	The probability that users will purchase and use the repository again.
27766	The organizations' attitude toward knowledge and knowledge management processes; the manifestation of such emphasis on knowledge management within the organization.
27982	Information technology management's control over information technology resources.
28004	Top managers' knowledge of information technology and its value to the organization.
28006	The extent to which information technology managers regularly attend business meetings and participate in setting business goals and strategies; information technology managers' early involvement in business projects.
28007	The extent to which business managers regularly evaluate future business needs  set information technology (IT) objectives and strategies  and select major IT investments.
28008	The level of integration between business and information technology  as reflected in information technology plans.
28027	The realistic and achievable estimation of resources  scope  staffing  and timelines; explicit communication plans.
28035	The underlying reasons for project difficulties  including crises distracting attention from implementation  unclear delineation of responsibilities and authorities  unclear statement of overall goals  implementation requiring more time than planned  and a lack of clear communications among participants.
28038	The extent to which information technology has contributed to increased market share of products/services  increased sales revenues  creation of systems that are difficult for competitors to imitate  and creation of systems that are significantly different from competitors'; the extent to which information technology has successfully been used to differentiate the organization's products or services.
28082	Product quality and innovativeness.
28083	Time to market and development cost.
28084	The ability to effectively use information technology (IT) functionalities.
28100	Quickly prioritizing tasks and keeping deliverables on track to ensure realistic schedules.
28101	Leveraging Information Technology tools for storing  archiving  retrieving  sharing  and reusing project information and best practices.
28200	In the deferral option condition  decision makers could invest in the entire technology package immediately or wait two years to make the decision. Uncertainty about the technology’s success would be resolved at the end of the two years.
28201	In the growth option condition  the technology package was split into an initial investment that decision makers could invest in immediately and a follow-on investment that they could make in two years if they had made the initial investment and if the uncertainty surrounding the follow-on investment’s outcome was resolved favorably.
28202	In the high-uncertainty scenarios  the technology was relatively untested and the effects of its success or failure on cash flow variability were larger.
28203	In the low-uncertainty scenarios  participants were told that the technology was well established and needed only local modifications. It was uncertain how well these modifications would work  but because they were minor  their success or failure would have only a moderate effect on future cash flow variability.
28204	In the monopoly scenarios  participants played the role of managers/owners of an automobile club in a small industrialized country  in which the club was either protected from competition by regulatory barriers (monopoly) or shared the market for auto-related services with another automobile club (potential competition).
28205	In the potential competition scenarios  participants were told that the potential competitor was not well positioned to invest in the new technology underlying the option and could not do so immediately.
28206	Participant's qualitative values of each investment.
28208	Naive rejection of all negative net present value projects.
28209	The extent to which participants agreed that anticipated regret (rejoicing) played a role in their investment decisions.
28210	Whether participants agreed that the competitor would invest as soon as possible.
28283	Respondents' self-assessment of their expertise in the field of information technology.
28284	Respondents' self-assessment of their expertise in the field of business.
28285	Respondents’ background and specialization in their team; whether the respondent is an information technology (IT) expert with low business expertise or a business expert with low IT expertise.
28286	The length of time respondents have spent as entrepreneurs in the e-business field.
28287	Perceptions of importance of components of competence (preferred competence profile).
28288	Respondents' preference on the amount of equity granted to the information technology (IT) professional.
28330	The extent to which user requirements changed over the course of a software development project from start to finish.
28331	The use of agile practices in software development teams in the field  such as pair programming  continuous integration  refactoring  unit testing  collective ownership  and coding standards.
28332	The degree to which established standards were used to evaluate project performance.
28333	The degree to which developers were rewarded for their  individual performance on project tasks.
28334	The number of bugs and the number of hours required to fix them.
28335	The number of distinct information cues that must be processed in the performance of a task.
28336	The interdependent relationships between information cues in the software.
28337	The number of decision paths that are altered at runtime.
28338	Average number of years of programming experience for each team.
28340	The number of lines  of code in the final project.
28341	The number of modules in the software.
28346	Adherence to the individual's goal assignment assessed through a combination of self-report responses from the participants and experimenter observation.
28347	Each subject's grade in a C or C++  programming course taken within a year-to-date.
28348	Software development process satisfaction.
28349	The need for new hardware and software  number of hardware and software suppliers  and number of users outside the organization.
28350	Number of people on team  relative project size  team diversity  number of users in the organization  and number of hierarchical levels occupied by users.
28351	Lack of development expertise in the team  lack of expertise with application  lack of expertise with task  general lack of expertise  and lack of user experience and support.
28352	Technical complexity  number of links to existing systems  and number of links to future systems.
28353	Extent of changes brought  resource insufficiency  intensity of conflicts  lack of clarity of role definitions  task complexity  magnitude of potential loss.
28354	The extent to which liaison and communication devices were employed to  achieve collaboration and coordination between the members of the project team.
28355	The behaviors and activities that the target users perform in the system development process.
28356	The extent to which formal planning tools and planning  practices were used in the project.
28357	The extent to which a project's risk management profile matches its risk exposure.
28401	In this version  a running example was added  as this was suggested by many students. Moreover  an introduction on how to use the booklet was added  describing the purpose of each part  and the descriptions of the approach and documentation requirements were extended and updated. Last  an explanation of the criteria was added for a high-quality design.
28402	In version 3  the design approach was updated explaining its iterative nature. Furthermore  a preliminary checklist for the analysis was added. The explanation of choosing thinkLets for activities was extended in this version as well  as were the requirements to the agenda documentation. The secondary improvement suggestions from version 1 were also implemented.
28403	In the final version  version 4  the quality of the design description was further updated. The checklist for analysis was extended  the quality trade-offs for the choice among thinkLets from a facilitation perspective was explained  as well as how choice and decomposition can affect each other. Next  classifications of the thinkLets based on results and patterns was added  and the choice map. The documentation requirements were also updated. Furthermore  the design guidelines were extended and updated.
28404	The extent to which students used the various parts of the design booklet.
28405	The extent to which students found the various parts of the design booklet useful.
28406	The extent to which students felt the various parts of the design booklet saved them time.
28407	The extent to which students felt that parts of the design booklet were in need of improvement.
28408	Students’ perceptions on difficulty of the design exercise.
28409	Students’ perceptions on effort of the design exercise.
28410	Average time spent on the design in hours.
28412	A list of design guidelines and tips and tricks.
28413	A step-by-step explanation of the design approach with a running example for each step.
28415	The agenda format specifies all required information for each thinkLet or activity.
28416	System reliability and performance  system costs and benefits  and the relevance of the information provided by the system.
28417	The estimated versus the actual cost of the project.
28418	Users used context-aware query processing with the search engine.
28420	Queries used Alltheweb or google.
28421	The clear group had zero–two word senses  where zero represented a domain-specific term not in Word-Net.
28422	The ambiguous group had three or more word senses  where zero represented a domain-specific term not in Word-Net.
28423	The extent to which the group engages external IS professionals to help plan for  implement  problem solve  or provide ongoing support for new IT.
28424	The number of relevant pages in the first 20 pages returned.
28425	Each subject reviewed the title and snippet of each page returned to indicate whether the page was relevant  partially relevant  or not relevant for his or her query.
28426	The extent to which the group stays informed of new IT as it becomes available and instructs or provides guidance in the use of new IT.
28427	The number of relevant pages in the first 10 pages returned.
28428	The extent to which the group relies on IT suppliers for problem determination   and resolution  customization to  interfaces with  and functional enhancement to new IT.
28429	Subjects were asked to construct queries containing terms from the list provided to them.
28430	The extent to which the group develops processes to aid in the evaluation  acquisition  and implementation of new IT.
28431	Subjects were asked to construct queries without any constraints.
28432	The extent to which the group ignores or works around problems  and learns new IT without formal education.
28433	Whether the organization had a group dedicated to investigating emerging information technology.
28435	Users' perception of the usefulness of using context-aware query processing to that of using a search engine (Google) alone.
28436	Subjects added lexical and ontological terms to queries.
28437	Subjects added lexical terms to queries.
28438	The degree of expectation that the target technology will be pervasively adopted in the Industry in the future.
28439	The degree to which object-oriented technology is perceived as mature in the IT industry.
28440	The degree to which object-oriented technology is perceived as being consistent with the existing way of thinking  procedure  experiences  skill  and needs of the receivers.
28441	The degree to which a new technology is perceived to be superior to the current technology.
28442	The degree to which object-oriented technology is perceived as relatively difficult to understand and use.
28443	The degree of managerial receptivity of technological change.
28444	The degree of importance put on educating staff on new technology.
28445	The degree of satisfaction with the development performance and product quality using current technology.
28446	Average years of information technology professional experience of information systems staff.
28447	Whether the industry was manufacturing  banking/finance/insurance  a government organization  distribution  construction  transport/warehouse/communication  research  real estate  agricultural/mining  or other.
28448	Years elapsed after first awareness of the object-oriented programming language.
28449	Number of information systems department staff.
28451	Whether the organization's stage of assimilation of object-oriented programming language is awareness  interest  evaluation/trial  commitment  limited deployment  general deployment  rejection  or discontinuity.
28452	The judgment of one's ability to use a computer.
28453	Users' background knowledge of search domain.
28454	The degree to which the system matches tasks as carried out in the current environment and as specified in the task analysis.
28455	The words  sentences  and abbreviations used by a system.
28456	The way information is presented on the screen.
28457	The extent to which a  person believes that using the system will enhance his job performance.
28458	The extent to which a person believes that using the system will be free of effort.
28459	Users' intention to use the system.
28461	Information technology leader's role and rank within a firm.
28462	Information technology's potential for impact on marketing.
28463	Information technology's potential for impact on operations.
28464	Participants' ratings of their virtual team leader's performance  their assessment of their virtual team leader's managerial success  and  the overall managerial effectiveness of their virtual team project leader.
28465	The extent that project managers exhibited leadership roles.
28466	The extent to which the leader clearly defines responsibilities of all team members  is able to exercise authority to ensure follow through  on assigned responsibilities  and is   able to mentor virtual team members in a  hands-on  fashion.
28468	Perceived effectiveness of communication.
28469	The quality of the team reports submitted  for a course grade.
28470	Technology management  skills  business functional skills  and interpersonal and social skills.
28471	General IS knowledge  technical skills  and IS product skills.
28472	Respondents' performance and their contribution to the firm's goals.
28478	Number of messages received from end users per week.
28480	Whether the respondent plays a central role in determining their company's Web strategy.
28482	Whether the organization's use of technology was minimal  average  or extensive.
28483	The year the respondent's company first established a Web presence.
28496	Respondents' satisfaction with the knowledge available to them.
28497	The conversion of explicit knowledge into the organization's tacit knowledge.
28498	The expression of tacit knowledge and its conversion into comprehensible forms that are easier to understand.
28499	The conversion of explicit knowledge into more complex sets of explicit knowledge.
28500	The sharing of tacit knowledge between individuals  usually through joint activities rather than written or verbal instructions.
28501	The task focuses on the specific ends or goals to be achieved and concern issues such as what products need to be developed and the specific design features that need to be achieved in the products.
28502	The task focuses on the processes or means that should be used to attain the goals and concern issues such as how to perform the processes needed to achieve the specific product design.
28503	The focused task domain requires the knowledge directly available to the individuals within the subunit and rely   mainly on distinctive units of knowledge  such as  functional knowledge embodied in a specific group of engineers  elemental technologies  information processing devices  databases  and patents .
28504	The focused task domain relies mainly on dynamic interaction in which individual units of knowledge are combined and transformed  through communication and coordination across different functional groups.
28505	The reluctance of organizational members to transmit negative information concerning a project and its status.
28506	Feelings of personal responsibility to report   when they perceive that important principles are being violated or the negative    consequences seem to outweigh the positive.
28507	Whether the respondent believes that something ought to be reported.
28508	Whether the subject was led to believe that his supervisor planned to lie about the bad news.
28509	Whether the subject was informed that the project was critically important to the company and that its failure would result in a significant negative effect on the company's financial position.
28510	The perceived probability that failure will occur.
28511	The individual's risk taking propensity.
28512	Perceived personal negative consequences.
28519	The general tendency of people wishing for good outcomes not only for themselves  but also for other employees or the  organization.
28525	Sincere friendliness among members of a community.
28528	A community's ability to pursue shared objectives quickly and effectively  regardless of social ties.
28531	Whether the respondent believes the organization is employee-oriented or job-oriented.
28534	The perceived importance placed in the organization on advancement and prestige.
28542	Whether the respondent believes the organization is democratic or autocratic.
28543	How open the attitudes and behaviors are in the respondent's department.
28544	The lack of formal structures and order for processing and sharing  information in the immediate organization.
28545	Willingness to create and distribute goods for a collective benefit.
28553	Whether the respondent believes the material and knowledge belongs to his or her organization.
28554	Whether the respondent believes the material and knowledge belongs to him or her.
28570	The technology-enabled ties that exist within the firm.
28571	The presence of norms and trust mechanisms.
28572	Shared contexts.
28573	Processes oriented toward obtaining knowledge.
28574	Processes that are oriented toward making existing knowledge useful.
28575	Processes that are oriented toward the actual use of the knowledge.
28576	Processes that are   designed to protect  the knowledge within an organization from illegal or inappropriate use or theft.
28577	Perceived organizational effectiveness.
28589	Planning and design aids.
28590	The clarity of the project's goals and project-organizational  goal(s) compatibility.
28591	Management responsiveness to the  requests of the project  sharing of responsibility  support of the project in cases of crises  and authority delegation to the project.
28592	The number of individuals there were in the project.
28593	Perceived organization's problem solving competency.
28594	Information systems  project members' intellectual capabilities and the quality of the education/training  they received.
28595	The quality of work and the ability of the project  to meet its goals.
28596	The amount of work produced  adherence  to schedules  adherence to budgets  and overall efficiency of operations.
28597	Respondents' level of satisfaction within the project and their intentions to quit the project.
28598	The value of the produced information system to business operations.
28603	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance their job.
28604	An individual's tendency to interact spontaneously  inventively  and imaginatively with the computer.
28605	User's knowledge or expertise in and performing tasks on the Internet.
28606	Instruction on the use of the Internet  focusing on efforts to transfer knowledge.
28607	The extent to which there are known procedures that specify the sequence of steps to be followed.
28608	Use of nonwork-related Web sites such as arts and entertainment  travel and leisure  living/consumer and sports/news.
28609	Respondents' perceptions of the pace of the educational content.
28610	How much attention the respondent paid to the educational content.
28611	How much the respondent learned from the educational content.
28612	Overall satisfaction of students with the on-demand course and  collaboration features.
28613	The respondents' perceived value of other students' comments.
28614	The extent to which the presentation format interfered to the respondents' ability to learn.
28615	Respondents' perceptions of how accessible and responsive the instructor was.
28620	One's understanding of another's behavior based on prior interactions or experiences.
28621	Users' willingness to transact with online firms.
28622	The trustor's perception of trustee's competencies and knowledge salient to the expected behavior.
28623	The trustor's perception that the trustee will adhere to a set of principles or rules of exchange acceptable to the trustor during and after the exchange.
28624	The extent to which a trustee is believed to intend doing good to the trustor  beyond its own profit motive.
28625	Users' overall trust in the trustee.
28659	The degree to which the use of telemedicine technology is perceived by a physician to be consistent with their practice style or preference.
28660	The physician's perception of relevant  colleagues' opinions on their use of telemedicine technology.
28661	Physician's perceived ease of use of the telemedicine technology.
28662	Physician's perceived usefulness of the telemedicine technology.
28663	Perceived control of the use of a technology.
28664	A physician's positive or negative evaluative affect about using telemedicine technology.
28665	The individual's intention toward accepting or adopting the technology.
28677	Whether the site was a pilot (was closely   by the implementation team to check that the  customer relationship management system was configured correctly) or a non-pilot (received only routine support of a hot line number) site.
28678	User assessments of the implementation team's responsiveness.
28679	User assessment of the correct configuration of the  customer relationship management system.
28680	User assessments of the implementation  team's cooperative intentions.
28681	User willingness to adopt the customer relationship management system.
28682	Participants used a group decision support system with a problem-modeling tool.
28683	The deviations between the actual costs incurred at each department and the costs reported to other departments.
28685	The time to converge to a solution.
28686	Number of messages it took to converge to a solution.
28687	The member's percentage of organizational profit minus the uncompensated departmental effort cost.
28688	The number of diverse solutions per group.
28689	Participant’s number of acceptable answers to problem-solving questions asked about the domain.
28691	Participants’ ability to complete a narrative of the domain that the model represented  assessed by the number of blanks they filled with a correct word/synonym.
28693	Individual pursues greater responsibility for accomplishing results through others.
28695	Individual dedicates self to helping other people and contributes to  causes.
28699	Individual wants to develop a lifestyle that integrates family and career concerns.
28701	Individuals link themselves to a particular area on a  long-term basis.
28702	Individual focuses primarily on the exercise of technical expertise.
28704	Individual seeks solving unsolvable problems  overcoming impossible  obstacles and winning against extremely capable opponents.
28707	Individual needs to create something on their own by developing a new product or service  or by building a new business enterprise.
28711	Individual seeks company loyalty  long-term employment and financial security.
28713	Individual looks for situations in which they will be free of organizational  constraints and control.
28716	Inclusion of redundant attributes in the applicant and job contract classes.
28718	A system’s predictability in response to events.
28719	Emergent properties (i.e.  properties emerging from subsystems interacting) are not lost during decomposition.
28720	The extent to which an IS employee expresses a positive attitude toward a career.
28721	The lack of will an individual has to continue to work in the current organization.
28722	The number of other classes to which an object is coupled  including the number of ways that each object is coupled to any other object.
28723	The relationship between input sets and output sets in a transformation.
28724	Unified modeling language diagrams that complied with Good Decomposition Model criteria (good)  violated three of the criteria (moderate)  or violated all of them (bad).
28744	The degree to which an idea preserves or modifies a paradigm.
28745	Creativity level (originality of the idea) and creativity style (paradigm relatedness).
28746	Participants type in a list of analogies as topics. The technographer then moves the analogies into category buckets within which participants contribute short descriptions or details about the analogy  whereas forgetting about the initial problem. Although the analogies are related to the problem  the analogy details  by design  are unrelated to the problem. Participants then use these details as stimuli to suggest ideas for solving the problem—that is  they force-fit them back to the problem. They may choose any detail about any analogy as a stimulus and enter the ideas as comments behind the detail.
28747	Participants list the major assumptions about the problem as topics in the tool. The technographer then  with input from participants  reverses the assumptions. The text of each reversed assumption is visible as a node in the overall list of reversed assumptions. Using the reversed assumptions as stimuli  participants then submit ideas to solve the problem as comments behind a chosen node.
28748	The electronic brainstorming tool  which uses N+1 rotating dialogues  was used.
28749	The number of ideas generated by each participant.
28750	Perceived ease of use of each method.
28751	Learners were in a group supported systems-supported learning environment.
28752	The instructor made indirect contributions to the discussion through neutral enhancement of the processes of communication and information processing by the group.
28753	Learners present their viewpoint during the meeting.
28754	Learners' perceived quality of feedback.
28755	The degree to which the discussion is dominated by one of a few learners in an unproductive manner.
28756	The degree to which the learner experiences difficulty in communicating with each other in English.
28757	The degree to which the learners help each other to learn.
28758	The degree to which the learner picks up relevant and meaningful relationships between the concepts that belong to the same hierarchy.
28759	The degree to which the  learner constructs correct relationships between the concepts that belong to different levels of hierarchies and abstraction.
28760	The degree to which the structural knowledge of a learner is similar to that of the other learners of the group.
28761	Negotiators were supported with a visualization system  the Virtual Business System (VBS).
28762	The importance of a shared policy and shared objectives for themselves  the environment  and for the economic development of the region.
28763	The degree to which negotiators coordinate their efforts to achieve common goals.
28764	The degree of perceived unity among negotiators.
28765	The degree of differentiation within the group.
28766	Respondents' satisfaction with the process.
28767	Respondents' satisfaction with the outcome.
28768	Respondents' satisfaction with the facilitation.
28769	The positive emotional response sometimes associated with goal attainment.
28771	Participants used a group support system (GSS) that provided anonymity for each individual.
28772	The extent to which individuals choose to minimize effort in a group setting.
28773	The loss of ideas  or failure to generate or remember new ideas  while waiting for a tum to speak during a meeting.
28774	The extent to which individuals feel their efforts are being taken advantage of by other members.
28775	The degree of mutual cooperation  confidence  and trust that exists among group participants and can take the form of verbal or nonverbal support.
28776	Time period of the task  split into eight periods.
28777	The fear of being negatively evaluated by one's peers and often prevents participants from presenting their ideas or questions to a group.
28778	The extent to which organizational members are aware of the sources of key organizational information and its applicability to existing problem areas.
28779	The extent of communication and that exists between organizational members.
28780	The comparison of process- and outcome-related performance to organizational goals.
28781	The development of experience  expertise  and skill among existing employees.
28782	Technology-related items pertaining to organizational responses to environmental change.
28783	The extent to which organizational members learn through social channels about  organizational concerns.
28784	The extent to which the organization manages knowledge  skill  and other intellectual capital for long-term strategic gain.
28785	The extent to which the organization capitalizes on the knowledge  practices  and internal capabilities of other organizations.
28786	Respondent's position in their company.
28787	Number of years the respondent has worked in their company.
28788	Number of years respondent has worked in their current position in their company.
28789	Number of employees in the respondents' local company operations.
28790	Age of the respondents' local company operations.
28791	Whether respondents intended to quit and thought about quitting.
28792	Enduring feelings about shared norms and individuals' willingness to exert effort on behalf of the organization.
28793	Whether employees find their employment sufficiently satisfactory to continue in it  either permanently or until they have prepared for greater responsibilities
28794	The perceived amount of autonomy in the respondent's job.
28795	The perceived extent to which the work itself provides clues about how well the respondent is doing.
28796	The perceived amount of variety in the respondent's job.
28797	The perceived general significance of the respondent's job.
28798	The extent to which the respondent's job involves a whole and identifiable piece of work.
28799	Employees' perceptions that salaries are  comparable to peers in other organizations or industries.
28800	Actual turnover rate.
28801	Workers' beliefs that they can find a comparable job in another organization.
28805	Executives were asked to read a scenario with an information systems core decision  inducing little process change.
28806	Executives were asked to read a scenario with a technical  business  core decision  inducing great process change.
28807	The extent to which social support  continuous innovation  and high levels of individual learning were demonstrated in their organization.
28808	The extent to which information systems were currently used in executives' firm to meet organizational objectives and how much they anticipated that information technology would be used in the future to meet those objectives.
28810	Industry category and whether the organization was a service or a manufacturing organization.
28811	Log number of employees.
28812	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated expenses and payoffs in productivity following an information technology investment.
28813	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated expenses and payoffs in quality following an information technology investment.
28814	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated payoffs in decision-making ability following an information technology investment.
28815	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated expenses in training following an information technology investment.
28816	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated payoffs in labor saving following an information technology investment.
28817	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated expenses in learning curve following an information technology investment.
28818	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated expenses in change management following an information technology investment.
28819	The amount of effort or resources spent to determine anticipated expenses and payoffs in the technical subsystem following an information technology investment.
28820	The extent to which social subsystem costs and benefits in the investment decision are difficult to quantify.
28821	The client's belief that the vendor is competent and knowledgeable.
28822	The client's belief that the vendor is reliable  open  and honest.
28823	The client's belief that the vendor cares and is willing to help.
28824	The mode in which trust is created as a product of the exchange itself by the creation of a good track record.
28825	The mode in which trust is created by sharing expectations of what is happening and what is expected of all parties involved through a common background of customs and culture.
28826	The mode in which trust is created through a market mechanism that provides an independent guarantee that provides a certification.
28827	Client's perceived usefulness of the enterprise resource planning.
28828	Client assessment that their business relationship with the customization vendor is worthwhile.
28829	Client's perceived ease of use of the enterprise resource planning.
28830	The extent to which the process and content structure for the focal  relationship is similar to that for other partners.
28831	The extent to which processes connected  to the focal partner are clearly divided  precisely specified  and able to be performed simultaneously to a large extent.
28832	The characteristics of the connectivity  infrastructure that are likely to positively affect enterprise information processing by providing data in a form that can be easily processed by applications  by providing data quickly and by identifying the data structure.
28833	The ability of the  relationship to handle changes in volume and to roll over product offerings.
28834	The ease of replacing the partner in the focal firm's supply chain relationship.
28835	The relevancy  value added  timeliness   and completeness of the information shared in the relationship.
28836	Sensing of a change  information about the change itself  broadcasting of  information about response to the change  and feedback about the response.
28837	The ability to retain experiences about past supply chain events and to derive inferences from it.
28838	The knowledge of the enterprise about its  partner's competencies  information structures  and process interfaces.
28839	How well the enterprise  understands bow to change processes  information flows  and repositories in  response to needs  as well as how these changes affect business outputs.
28840	The average viewing time of the brands across the six product categories.
28841	The average number of correct identifications in each product category.
28842	The average number of correct identifications of images in each product category.
28843	The psychological costs of performing the task of obtaining and processing the relevant information in order to arrive at one's decision.
28844	Perceived convenience of the Web site.
28845	User's attitude toward using the website.
28846	For the searching task condition  the cover story was that people usually shop online for convenience and time saving. Therefore  supposing that they needed to buy the specific brands of products on the shopping list  they would want to complete their purchases quickly and accurately.
28847	In the list format  six brands were displayed on the screen for each of the six product categories. The brands were organized in a top-down manner  with only one brand in each row.
28848	The recognition of  the problem and the effort involved in gathering information that will aid in making  the decision.
28849	The decision-maker structuring the problem situation  developing criteria  and identifying the various alternatives for fulfilling the shopping need.
28850	The decision-maker evaluating the various alternatives and making the purchase.
28851	The difference in total purchase price of the product (including shipping  etc.  if applicable) between conventional and online channels.
28852	The difference in time spent (approximate number of minutes) in making this purchase between conventional and online channels.
28853	Customer's satisfaction with the online channel.
28854	The extent to which  members are inclined toward teamwork and open to accommodating others' views.
28855	The preferred behavior that people use in order to bring a conflict situation to a settlement.
28856	Members' perceived participation of the virtual team members in the group work.
28857	The percentage of members voting in  favor of the final decision proposed by a group.
28858	Group members'  confidence in the decision outcome and their perceptions of the usefulness of the decision outcome.
28859	Members' satisfaction with the decision-making process.
28860	Whether the group was heterogeneous (containing both Indian and U.S. subjects)  or homogeneous (containing only Indian subjects or only U.S. subjects).
28861	The integration of group  skills and abilities with an expectation that the group will create a cohesive relaxed work environment that will allow a positive performance outcome.
28862	Conflict that is imposed by group members in the decision-making process.
28863	Effectiveness of organization of tasks.
28864	The degree of member noninvolvement.
28865	Whether team members feel that they can state their opinions  thoughts  and feelings without fear.
28867	Extent to which firms share information and the symmetry of this sharing in a network.
28868	The extent to which firms have invested time  effort and finances in customizing linkages.
28869	Aggregate performance of digital supply network partners.
28874	The number of technologies the establishment has  the extent Web applications are electronically integrated with back-office systems and the extent company  databases are electronically integrated with suppliers and partners.
28875	The number of employees in the firm.
28876	The geographical extent of a firm's operations in the global market.
28877	Annual information technology spending and Web-based spending as percentages of total revenue.
28878	The degree that the company is affected by competitors in the market.
28879	E-business usage incentives provided by the government  requirements for government procurement  legal protection of consumers' Internet purchases and supportive business and tax laws for doing e-business.
28880	Increasing sales  improving customer services  and widening sales channels.
28881	Increasing employee productivity and internal processes efficiency.
28882	Reducing transaction costs with business partners and improving coordination with business partners or suppliers.
29114	Describing and defining product structures  configurations  and routines.
29292	Firefighting errors.
29294	Participants' perception of how difficult the task was.
29305	Usefulness of DC-Train.
29311	Candidates received three practice trials using multimedia immersive trainer before attempting to solve the criterion trial.
29366	The average of system log-ons for all members of the team for the full IS-week semester.
29367	A count of each action taken in each module for all members of the team.
29369	The average GMAT score for the team members.
29370	A self-evaluation of one's ability to use a computer to accomplish a task.
29372	The degree to which a developer expects that following a methodology will improve his or her individual job performance.
29373	The degree to which a software developer regards a methodology as difficult to follow or learn.
29374	The extent to which a developer experiences interpersonal  influence (to follow a methodology) from important others within his or her social milieu.
29375	The degree to which a software developer regards the practice of following a methodology as being consistent with his or her preexisting  software development process.
29376	The degree to which a developer believes  that following a methodology has been dictated by an official policy currently in effect  within his or her organization.
29377	A developer's intention to follow a specified methodology in the future.
29378	When users selected the hypertext  View an interactive 3D movie of the product.  QuickTime windows with images of the watches emerged in the center of their display. Users could then rotate the images of the watches by dragging their mice.
29379	When users selected the hypertext 'Try out the watch with our interactive simulation.  their browsers led the users to a page with the watch images on the left and text instructions on the right.  Users could follow the instructions to leam the procedures of how to use functions such as time setting  alarm  stopwatch  and night light  and then try out these functions by pressing and controlling functional buttons by themselves.
29380	Perceived diagnosticity of comfort and appearance.
29381	Perceived diagnosticity of accuracy and functionality.
29382	The extent to which consumers believe that particular shopping experiences are helpful to evaluate products.
29383	A subjective psychological experience that characterizes human-computer interactions as playful and exploratory.
29385	Perceived effects of brand name and trademark.
29437	The ability to effectively execute operational new product development processes.
29439	Ability to evaluate new designs  assess technical specifications  and test prototypes.
29440	Ability to design incentives  monitor progress  and manage conflicts.
29441	The degree to which people in a group actively help one another in their work.
29442	The extent to which people maintain reciprocal faith in each other in terms of intention and behaviors.
29443	The degree to which learning is encouraged in organizations.
29444	The locus of decision authority and control within an organizational entity.
29445	The degree to which decisions and working relationships are governed by formal rules  standard policies  and procedures.
29446	The degree of the respondent's understanding of his her own and others' task areas.
29447	The degree to which knowledge management is supported by the use of information technologies.
29448	Degree of tacit knowledge accumulation  extra-firm social information collection  intra-firm social information gathering  and transfer of tacit knowledge.
29449	Degree of creative dialogue  deductive and inductive thinking  use of metaphors  and exchanged ideas.
29450	Degree of acquisition and integration  synthesis and processing  and dissemination.
29451	Degree of personal experiences  simulation   and experimentation.
29483	The capability of creating valuable and useful products  services  ideas  or procedures by individuals working together in a complex social system.
29484	Degree of overall success  market share  growth rate profitability  and innovativeness in comparison with major competitors.
29494	Respondent's perception of the severity of punishment if they were to be caught committing software piracy.
29495	Respondent's perceptions of the costs of software.
29496	Respondent's perception of the certainty of getting caught if they were to commit software piracy.
29497	Respondent's attitudes toward committing software piracy.
29498	Respondent's perceptions of the attitudes of people who are important to them of software piracy.
29499	The extent to which respondents feel that software piracy is easy.
29500	The extent to which respondents expect to commit software piracy in the future.
29507	The effective generation  dissemination  and responsiveness to market intelligence.
29517	The effective acquisition  assimilation  transformation   and exploitation of knowledge by new product development work units.
29518	The effective resource allocation  task assignment  and activity synchronization by new product development work units.
29519	Contribution  representation  and subordination.
29521	It creates unpredictability in market demands  consumer needs  and competitor strategies.
29522	It creates uncertainty regarding new technological breakthroughs.
29523	The quality of interaction among different functional areas.
29589	How intelligible and informative the executive finds the representations of the organizing vision in its associated public discourse.
29590	Distortions in the discourse  emphasizing in particular the burdening of the organizing vision with misunderstandings  exaggerations  and misplaced claims.
29594	Conceptual discontinuity (how great a conceptual departure does the organizing vision poses) and structural discontinuity (how much difficulty is entailed in implementing it).
29598	A belief that the proper impersonal structures have  been put into place enabling one party to anticipate successful transactions with another party.
29599	One party's willingness to depend on another party with a feeling of relative security even though negative consequences are possible.
29600	Personal experiences  history  and the broad social presence of the vendor and its products and actions.
29601	The individual's salient  beliefs about consequences of performing the behavior.
29602	The strength of the individual's intention to commit to purchasing from the vendor.
29603	Brand name.
29605	Individual's perceived quality of the item.
29606	Knowledge about activities and relationships of collection of raw data.
29607	Knowledge about activities and relationships of storage and maintenance of data in computer systems.
29608	Knowledge about activities and relationships of user retrieval and manipulation of data.
29609	Knowledge about step-by-step procedures of collection of raw data.
29617	Knowledge about step-by-step procedures of storage and maintenance of data in computer systems.
29620	Knowledge about step-by-step procedures of user retrieval and manipulation of data.
29621	Contextual knowledge about collection of raw data that enables inquirers to direct questions based on understanding relevant purposes and underlying principles.
29622	Contextual knowledge about storage and maintenance of data in computer systems that enables inquirers to direct questions based on understanding relevant purposes and underlying principles.
29623	Contextual knowledge about user retrieval and manipulation of data that enables inquirers to direct questions based on understanding relevant purposes and underlying principles.
29624	Control through centrally devised standards  for methods.
29625	The project team was given the authority to make decisions with respect to methods.
29626	The establishment of uniform performance criteria across projects.
29627	The project team was given the authority to make decisions with respect to performance criteria.
29628	The perceived speed of response to environmental changes in comparison to competitors in the same situation.
29629	The extent to which data are correct and free-of-error.
29630	The ability of the organization to accurately estimate the needed resources  time and performance of its software projects.
29631	The efficiency with which the firm  produces its products.
29632	The extent to which data are not missing and are of sufficient breadth and depth for the task at hand.
29633	The organization's ability to respond to changing market conditions.
29634	The extent to which the data are sufficiently up-to-date for the task at hand.
29635	The perceived uncertainty with regard to requirements  technologies  and other critical aspects of software development.
29636	The extent to which data are applicable and helpful for the task at hand.
29637	The extent to which data are available  or easily and quickly retrievable.
29638	Data collectors provide initial input of organizational data.
29639	Data custodians are responsible for storage and maintenance of the data.
29640	Data consumers utilize the data for further integration  aggregation  presentation  and interpretation of data.
29659	Satisfaction with the procedures  deliberations  and methods used by a group throughout the duration of a meeting.
29660	Satisfaction with meeting outcomes vary according to the purpose of the meeting but could potentially include products or deliverables  decisions  recommendations  courses of action and the like.
29661	The degree to which the individual's ranking of their preferences corresponded with the group's ranking of preferences.
29713	The frequency of solidarity  tension release  or agreement and antagonism  tension  or disagreement in the group meeting transcripts.
29714	The ratio of negative socio-emotional communication (antagonism  tension  or disagreement) to positive socio-emotional communication (solidarity  tension release  or agreement).
29715	Perceived clarity of communication among the group.
29718	The frequency of giving suggestions  asking for suggestions  giving opinions and asking for opinions  giving orientation  or asking for orientation in the group meeting transcripts.
29719	Expert quality ratings of each group's solution.
29720	During each unsupported face-to-face meeting  participants sat down at the conference table in a conference room to perform their task. The conference room was equipped with a blackboard  which was in full view of the participants during their discussions. Each participant recorded important points raised during discussions on paper.
29850	The degree to which a system is perceived to enhance one's performance.
29851	The extent to which the activity of using electronic mail is perceived to be enjoyable in its own right  apart from any performance consequences.
29852	The strength of one’s intention to use electronic mail.
30087	Age in years as of the termination date or date the data was collected  whichever is greater.
30095	Annual rate of pay as of the termination date or date the data were collected  whichever is appropriate.
30100	Division of the organization as of the termination date or date the data were collected  whichever is greater.
30101	Date hired by firm.
30102	Most recent performance rating by management  from failing to meet expectations along several important dimensions to exceeding expectations in every respect.
30103	The midpoint of the salary range  adjusted up or down  to reflect performance above or below the mean performance level.
30104	The firm has firm-specific human capital  which is employable in only a single firm and has no value-producing capacity outside a single employer.
30105	The primary skill set for the position involves technical management.
30106	The primary skill set for the position involves architecture.
30107	The primary skill set for the position involves applications.
30109	Number of days or months between the hire date and the earlier of termination date or data collection data.
30110	Job title as of the termination date or the date the data were collected  whichever is later.
30111	Date employment ceased.
30112	The extent to which an individual's annual salary differs from their performance adjusted salary.
30113	Whether an individual is overpaid in line with her performance adjusted salary.
30114	Whether an individual is underpaid in line with her performance adjusted salary.
30115	Whether an individual is equitypaid in line with her performance adjusted salary.
30117	Whether the employee left the firm.
30296	Respondent's ratings of their firm's top management involvement    top management support  business strategy available  study business before technology  and good information systems management.
30297	Respondent's firms' current objectives for strategic information systems planning (SISP).
30298	Concerns centered on the strategic information systems planning (SISP) technique   procedure  or methodology employed.
30299	The resultant strategies or plans of strategic information systems planning (SISP) were not always followed up or fully implemented.
30300	Lack of line management  participation  poor IS-user relationships  inadequate user awareness and education  and low management ownership of the philosophy  and practice of strategic information systems planning (SISP).
30301	The firm takes the approach that assumes   that strategic information systems planning (SISP) is enhanced by  or depends on  use of a formal technique or method.
30302	The firm takes the approach that assumes that current business direction or plans are the  only basis upon which IS plans can be built and  that  therefore  business planning should drive strategic information systems planning (SISP).
30303	The firm's emphasis is on resource planning.
30304	The firm takes the approach based on the assumption that an information systems-oriented model of the business is a necessary outcome of strategic information systems planning (SISP) and  therefore  that analytical modeling methods are  appropriate.
30305	The firm takes the approach that assumes that strategic information systems planning (SISP) is not a special or neat and tidy endeavor but is based on IS decisions being made through continuous Integration between the IS function and the organization.
30306	The respondent's perceived values of attaining technical knowledge  learning  and enhancing their reputations.
30307	Behavioral expectations of using open source software.
30308	Understandings of  causal relationships relating to open source software beliefs.
30320	Whether the buyer reports sharing inventory/capacity planning  production schedules  cost structures  margin structures  marketing strategies  demand patterns  decision-making process  decision-making criteria  pricing schedules plans  product/services in development  and support strategies with the supplier.
30321	Whether the supplier reports sharing inventory/capacity planning  production schedules  cost structures  margin structures  marketing strategies  demand patterns  decision-making process  decision-making criteria  pricing schedules plans  product/services in development  and support strategies with the buyer.
30322	Whether the buyer reports that they have realized a variety of performance outcomes as a result of their interactions with the supplier.
30323	Whether the supplier reports that they have realized a variety of performance outcomes as a result of their interactions with the buyer.
30324	The percentage of the buyer’s overall logistics serviced by the supplier.
30325	Representation of complementary organizational resources and capabilities as well as asset-specific technology investments.
30326	The buyer’s beliefs about the supplier’s domain-specific skills  competencies  and/or characteristics.
30327	The buyer’s beliefs about the extent to which suppliers are believed to act in a positive manner.
30328	The buyer’s perceived adherence of the supplier to generally accepted principles.
30329	The supplier’s beliefs about the buyer’s domain-specific skills  competencies  and/or characteristics.
30330	The supplier’s beliefs about the extent to which buyers are believed to act in a positive manner.
30331	The supplier’s perceived adherence of the buyer to generally accepted principles.
30332	The longevity in the relationship between the buyer and supplier.
30334	Whether the respondent was an information systems manager  business/user manager  or information systems consultant.
30337	The respondent’s perceived importance of a variety of information systems technical knowledge items now.
30338	The respondent’s perceived importance of a variety of information systems technical knowledge items three years from now.
30339	The respondent’s perceived importance of a variety of technology management knowledge/skills (concerned with where and how to deploy information technologies effectively and profitably for meeting strategic business objectives) now.
30340	The respondent’s perceived importance of a variety of technology management knowledge/skills (concerned with where and how to deploy information technologies effectively and profitably for meeting strategic business objectives) three years from now.
30341	The respondent’s perceived importance of both general business knowledge/skills as well as knowledge of and ability to learn about business functions now.
30342	Business functional knowledge- The respondent’s perceived importance of both general business knowledge/skills as well as knowledge of and ability to learn about business functions three years from now.
30343	The respondent’s perceived importance of interpersonal and management skills now.
30344	The respondent’s perceived importance of interpersonal and management skills three years from now.
30353	Respondent’s breakdown of their current information systems staff that are programmers (people doing software development  coding  software maintenance  etc).
30354	Respondent’s breakdown of their current information systems staff that are technical specialists (people with technical knowledge of specific hardware  operating systems  communication systems  database management systems  networks  etc).
30355	Respondent’s breakdown of their current information systems staff that are business analysts/systems analysts (people responsible for planning  analysis  design and implementation of business applications.
30356	Respondent’s breakdown of their current information systems staff that are end-user support consultants (IS staff providing end-user computing support such as information centers  hotlines  help desk  and data retrieval).
30357	Respondent’s breakdown of their current information systems staff that are computer operators and data entry clerks.
30358	Respondent’s breakdown of their expected future staffing need for programmers (people doing software development  coding  software maintenance  etc).
30359	Respondent’s breakdown of their expected future staffing need for technical specialists (people with technical knowledge of specific hardware  operating systems  communication systems  database management systems  networks  etc).
30360	Respondent’s breakdown of their expected future staffing need for business analysts/systems analysts (people responsible for planning  analysis  design and implementation of business applications.
30361	Respondent’s breakdown of their expected future staffing need for end-user support consultants (information systems staff providing end-user computing support such as information centers  hotlines  help desk  and data retrieval).
30362	Respondent’s breakdown of their expected future staffing need for computer operators and data entry clerks.
30363	Survey respondents’ ratings of the importance of information systems activities now.
30364	Survey respondents’ ratings of the importance of information systems activities three years from now.
30369	The extent to which adherence to standard systems design techniques and methods is integral to the systems development process.
30370	The extent to which reuse is encouraged and enforced as part of ongoing systems development tasks.
30371	The extent to which quality data is systematically collected and used in formulating quality improvement actions.
30372	The extent to which explicit performance  standards have been established and are  used to control systems development outcomes.
30375	Participation by programmers/analysts in the determination of schedules  resource allocation  and project plans.
30376	The extent to which a product or service meets or exceeds a customer's expectations.
30378	The respondent's assessment of the software firm's position relative to its competitors on product cost efficiency.
30379	The respondent's assessment of the software firm's position relative to its competitors on market responsiveness.
30381	The speed  when compared to competitors in the same situation  with which respondents' current software development approach could be used to respond effectively to changes in labor supply.
30382	The speed  when compared to competitors in the same situation  with which respondents' current software development approach could be used to respond effectively to changes in customer needs.
30383	The speed  when compared to competitors in the same situation  with which respondents' current software development approach could be used to respond effectively to changes in competition.
30384	The speed  when compared to competitors in the same situation  with which respondents' current software development approach could be used to respond effectively to changes in regulation.
30385	The speed  when compared to competitors in the same situation  with which respondents' current software development approach could be used to respond effectively to changes in technology.
30386	The extent to which actual date of completion of project  actual developer-months required for the project  actual budget that would be consumed by the project  actual resources that would be required to complete the project  the actual quality of the finished software  and the actual functionality of the finished software were predictable at the start of a software development project in respondents' organization.
30387	The extent to which the outputs of a software development project can be reused for other projects.
30388	The extent to which a software development  approach can be tailored to the needs of individual projects.
30389	The extent to which organizational mechanisms  such as incentives and rewards  to encourage reuse were present.
30390	The primary affective reactions of individuals to various facets of the job and job experiences.
30391	The extent to which participants strive for managerial competence.
30392	The extent to which participants strive for technical competence.
30393	A count of how many automated features from the functional CASE technology model (FCTM) are possessed by the respondent's CASE (computer-aided software engineering) tool set.
30394	Perceived communication quality in the teams.
30395	Trust that stems from emotional attachment between a trustor and a trust target.
30396	Trust that relies on a rational assessment of the target by the trustor.
30397	The number of developers that have been attracted and retained to work on the team.
30398	The estimate by the project administrator of the total number of work weeks devoted to the project.
30399	The percentage of tasks completed.
30400	Extent of close linkage of information systems strategy and business strategy.
30401	The extent to which information systems planners undertake a concerted effort to better understand the internal operations of the organization in terms of its processes  procedures  and technologies.
30402	General agreement concerning development priorities  implementation schedules  and managerial responsibilities.
30403	How the process of planning and its effectiveness has adapted over time.
30417	The degree to which the objective of being able to complete projects that meet their design objectives on time and within budget was achieved.
30418	The degree to which the objective of being able to manage the development  selection  use  cost  and maintenance of the programs that help users do their work was achieved.
30419	The degree to which the objective of creating an integrated database which is accessible to all users and minimizes the redundant storage of information was achieved.
30420	The degree to which the objective of adjusting the organization's  information system to  changes in data input   processing  or output  requirements was achieved.
30421	The degree to which the objective of working on projects in a rational sequence based upon expected pay-off potential and probability of success was achieved.
30422	The degree to which the objective of  reducing the cost of maintaining existing systems.
30423	Whether the firm has   a systems policy committee  comprised of  managers from functional areas of the organization involved in setting priorities and/or allocating resources  for systems development.
30424	Whether the firm has a written overall plan for systems development  which  covers all major functional areas of the business  and clarifies interrelationships between applications systems.
30425	Whether the firm's manager and higher level management have a mutually agreed upon set of criteria for deciding which applications (systems) to implement first.
30426	Whether top management made a long-term   commitment to provide stable funding for system development activity.
30427	Top management's criteria for application selection  which includes profit or effectiveness contribution  probability of success  timing  user friendly applications  natural sequence of information flows  and social system implications.
30428	The management of user-analyst interaction  during the systems development process.
30429	The participant’s evaluation of how important they feel that each attribute is in ensuring that the overall system will be effective and successful within their organization.
30430	The participant’s perceived importance of monitor (system monitors daily detail activity producing standard reports on a fixed-schedule)  exception (system process daily detail but produces exception reports where the definition of exception conditions is fixed)  inquiry (system produces a database with flexible inquiry capabilities  enabling managers to design and change their own monitoring and exception reports)  and analysis (system provides data analysis capabilities and the appropriate database to support managerial decision-making) systems.
30431	The participant’s evaluation of the degree of performance attained within their organization.
30432	The participant’s perceptions about how well their organization has performed in the development of monitor (system monitors daily detail activity producing standard reports on a fixed-schedule)  exception (system process daily detail but produces exception reports where the definition of exception conditions is fixed)  inquiry (system produces a database with flexible inquiry capabilities  enabling managers to design and change their own monitoring and exception reports)  and analysis (system provides data analysis capabilities and the appropriate database to support managerial decision-making) systems.
30434	Whether the participant reports that they are in upper  upper middle  middle  lower middle  or lower management in the structure of their organization
30435	The participant’s overall rating of their organization’s computer-based information system.
30436	Whether the participant is a member of the information system/data processing department or a managerial user.
30455	Number of incidents  actual dollar loss  opportunity dollar loss  and subjective seriousness index.
30459	Full-time security staff  part-time security staff  total security hours/week  data security hours/week  total security staff salaries  subjective deterrent effect  and longevity of security (from inception to incident date).
30460	Information about proper use  most severe penalty for abuse  and subjective deterrent effect.
30469	Use of software access control and specialized software.
30471	Privileged status of offender   amount of collusion  motivation of offender  employee/non-employee status  tightness of security  visibility of security  and duration of abuse.
30487	The level of advanced educational training and duration of applied work experience required of the key experts.
30488	The number of specific domains or distinct fields of expertise modeled into the system.
30489	The extent to which experts become obsolete and thus ineffective in their problem-solving capabilities without ongoing domain-based education and/or research.
30490	The completeness of computerization for each of the specific domains embodied in a given expert system.
30491	The presence of each of these generic types of solution outputs (problem diagnosis  recommended actions  actual solutions  hypothesis testing).
30492	Number of information inputs.
30493	A high degree of additional interpretation is required for the information inputs to be useful in decision making.
30495	The degree to which the expert system has been ported across different computer architectures and operating systems.
30496	The number of non-inferencing technologies embodied in the delivered systems.
30497	The cumulative size of the underlying reference databases accessed by the expert system in the course of processing (i.e.  the size of the database accessed by the inference engine or logic in the course of programming).
30498	The use of computer networking for accessing other applications or databases by the expert system.
30499	The number of  rules  (because most systems except for the simplest example-based systems employ some form of rule specification as a basic element of logic)  and the total size of the  knowledge base   which in more complex systems will include  object  specifications as well as  rules.
30500	Number of information sources.
30501	A single user  two or three users in a single department  three or more users in a single department  many users in several departments  or company-wide usage.
30503	The degree of programming and other technical effort required for integrating the expert system with existing information systems.
30504	The time required to develop a prototype knowledge-based system.
30505	The time required to develop an operational knowledge-based system.
30506	The amount of money spent to create the system.
30507	Systems were conceived originally by domain experts in existing business departments within the respective companies; by a programmer in a DP department or  as in several companies  by an  Al specialist  working within a special Al group reporting to DP management; or in sources external to the respective companies.
30508	Existing business departments or DP/MIS departments had effective control over the development effort.
30520	Whether the organization used Business Systems Planning (BSP)  Strategic Systems Planning (SSP)  Information Engineering (IE)  Method/1  Critical Success Factors  Nolan Norton  In-house  Other  or not available to perform their SISP study.
30521	The participant’s reported overall satisfaction with the methodology.
30522	The participant’s reported overall satisfaction with the resources required.
30523	The participant’s reported overall satisfaction with the methodology’s process.
30524	The participant’s reported overall satisfaction with the methodology’s output.
30525	The participant’s reported overall satisfaction with how well the plan was carried out.
30526	Whether the respondent’s job title was president  vice president  director  manager  supervisor/group leader  analyst/data administrator  consultant  or other.
30527	Whether the respondent had less than 10 years  10 to 20 years  or over 20 years of IS experience.
30528	Whether the respondent worked in the manufacturing  utilities  insurance  government  retail  or other/not available industry.
30529	Whether the SISP study scope was the entire enterprise  division  functional area  or not available.
30530	Whether the enterprise had fewer than 1 000  1 000 to 10 000  more than 10 000 or not available employees.
30531	Functionality to enable the user to define  describe or change a definition or description of an object  relationship or process.
30532	Functionality that enables the user to explore  simulate  or evaluate alternate representation or models of objects  relationships or processes.
30533	Functionality that executes a significant planning or design task  thereby replacing or substituting for a human designer/planner.
30534	Functionality that enables the user to plan for and enforce rules  policies or priorities that will govern or restrict the activities of team members during the planning or design process.
30535	Functionality that enables the user to exchange information with another individual(s) for the purpose of influencing (affecting) the concept  process or product of the planning/design team.
30536	Functionality to help an individual user understand and use a planning and design aid effectively.
30537	Functionality standards that enable portability of skills  knowledge  procedures  or methods across planning or design processes.
30538	The level of support provided by the product for information systems planning.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30539	The level of support provided by the product for requirement definition.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30540	The level of support provided by the product for conceptual design.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30541	The level of support provided by the product for detailed design.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30542	The level of support provided by the product for implementation.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30543	The level of support provided by the product for testing.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30544	The level of support provided by the product for maintenance.  A function was considered to exist if the average response if the subjects was greater than 3.0.
30545	The product's ease of use with respect to the 98 functions.  A particular functionality is considered to exist for a specific product if the expert users of that product rate the ease of use of the functionality as being greater than 3.0 (on a five-point scale).
31812	The extent to which lower-status individuals of organizations in a country accept that power is distributed unequally.
31814	The task had objective answers that could be established on factual information and rational reasoning.
31815	The task had subjective answers that are often established on normative information and personal preferences.
31816	The setting was not supported by computer-mediated communication.
31817	The setting was supported by computer-mediated communication.
31818	The extent to which lower-status individuals defer to opinions of higher-status individuals during group communication.
31819	The amount of status influence remaining after group communication when higher-status individuals are no longer present.
31820	The amount of status influence lower-status individuals are aware of during group  communication.
31827	Whether the technology was paper-based or organizational memory based.
31835	Perceived organization of the documents.
31836	Perceived completeness of the documents.
31837	Perceived indexing quality of the documents.
31838	Satisfaction with the amount of data available to answer questions.
31839	The proportion of the dependent organization's need for resources or services that the other organization can provide and  the inverse proportion of the ability of any other organization to provide the same resource or service.
31840	The supplier's enduring desire to maintain a valued relationship with the customer.
31841	The firm's capacity to influence change in another firm that is dependent on the resources of that firm.
31842	The supplier's undertaking of a risky course of action on the confident expectation that all persons involved in the action will act competently and dutifully.
31843	The estimated percentage of electronic data interchange  transactions of the total number of business document transactions exchanged over a  typical monthly period.
31844	The number of  different types of standardized business documents (i.e.  transaction sets such as  purchase orders  shipping schedules  inspection details  and so on) that are supported  by electronic data interchange exchange.
31845	The respondent's perceived usefulness of  information technology.
31846	The respondent's perceived ease of use of  information technology.
31847	The respondent's intention to use the information technology.
31848	The respondent's attitudes toward using  information technology.
31849	The respondent's actual use of the GSS.
31850	The respondent's familiarity with using computers.
31851	The extent to which the top management of the African organizations  and institutions involved in the study endorsed the use of group support systems (GSS).
31852	The extent to which the respondent holds a position in an organization not based on their skills  but on their contacts.
31853	The respondent's overall satisfaction with their use of the group support system.
31854	The extent to which the respondent prefers oral interaction.
31920	Perceived norms related to violation of copyrights.
31921	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the punitive alternative is based on their own values.
31922	Beliefs of higher probability of the specific positive consequence happening.
31923	Beliefs of higher probability of the specific negative consequence happening.
31924	Participant's views of the importance of their personal interest in the scenario.
31925	Participant's views of the importance of the group's interest in the scenario.
31926	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the punitive alternative is  based on the possible consequences.
31927	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the punitive alternative is based on the possible consequences and their own values.
31928	Moral intention to choose the nonpunitive alternative.
31929	The extent to which the performance of an individual's job depends on coworkers.
31930	The respondent's assessment of how much their job has established procedures and well-understood methods of performance.
31931	Respondent's satisfaction with information technology support.
31932	The frequency of use of scheduled coordination methods.
31933	The frequency of use of unscheduled coordination methods.
31934	The frequency of use of electronic coordination methods.
31935	The respondent reported that they sometimes work in a home office.
31936	The respondent reported that they never work in a home office.
31937	The respondent's satisfaction with office communication.
31938	User's overall satisfaction with the information center.
31939	The user's assessment of the accuracy  format  ease of use  timeliness  precision  reliability  and completeness of the user-developed application.
31940	The user's feeling of control  independence from the information center  understanding of information technology  and ability to develop a small system.
31941	The user's assessment of top management support  organizational acceptance of the information center concept  end-user commitment to the information center concept  existence of a sufficient budget  rank of the information center executive  monitoring and tracking of information center successes  and promotion of information center services.
31942	The user's assessment of the technical competency of the information center staff  the training for the information center staff  the staff knowledge of changes in technology  communication with users  knowledge of users' business and problems  the availability of future career paths to attract and retain competent staff members  and number of information center employees.
31943	The user's assessment of the variety of hardware support  software tools  data support  functional support  and end-user training.
31944	The user's assessment of the quality of software support  data support  functional support  end-user training  timeliness of service response  and hardware support.
31945	The user's assessment of the maintenance of user-friendly atmosphere  offering of cost-effective solutions  management of end-user expectations  establishment of priority criteria for application development  and coordination of organization's user-developed applications.
31946	The user's assessment of the alignment of information center strategy to organizational strategy  defined information center mission  understanding of the information center concept  appropriate chargeback criteria  and effective end-user computing control procedures.
31957	The respondent's perception that the other team members possess skills that allow them to be perceived as competent.
31958	The extent to which the respondent believes their team members feel interpersonal care and concern and the willingness to do good to the respondent beyond an egocentric profit motive.
31959	The extent to which the respondent believes their team members adhere to a set of principles such as study or work habits that make them dependable and reliable.
31960	The respondent's trust in their team members.
31961	The respondent's perception of the trustworthiness of their team members.
31962	The respondent's general expectation of how trusting one should be.
31963	Whether the team participated in the team building exercise.
31964	The satisfaction experienced by groups regarding the method(s) used to accomplish work.
31965	The groups' satisfaction with the outcome that they produced.
31966	The expert judges' ratings of the quality of the group's solution.
31967	The expert judges' ratings of the level of creativity of the group's solution.
31968	The group worked only face-to-face.
31969	The group communicated using only a computer conferencing system and were distributed in space and time.
31970	The group communicated using only a computer conferencing system and worked simultaneously within the same room.
31971	The group communicated using a computer conferencing system as well as face-to-face.
31994	Information such as having a line of credit available  issuance of new debt  forgiveness of debt  restructuring of debt  and waivers obtained for violation of debt covenants.
31995	Default on debt or significant uncertainty about whether future debt payments can be made  accounts receivable factoring  and preferred dividend arrearages.
31996	The respondent's beliefs about expert systems.
31997	The number of responses provided by novices.
31998	The number of unique task-related information  elements mentioned in the meeting divided by the total number of information elements available to group members.
31999	The comparison of the ranking of each group to the ranking of the alternatives in the case.
32000	The respondent's satisfaction with the group solution.
32001	The respondent's satisfaction with the process used to reach the  group solution.
32002	The level of attraction each group member has to his or her group.
32003	Whether the group was established or ad-hoc.
32004	Incompatibility and incongruity in the expectations associated with a particular job  role.
32005	The degree to which an employee lacks clear information regarding the expectations associated with the role  methods of fulfilling known role expectations   and/or  the consequences of role performance.
32011	The employee identification with a particular organization and the desire to maintain membership.
32012	The employee's intention to leave the organization.
32013	Whether the respondent was a telecommuter or non-telecommuter.
32017	The extent to which the respondent's job requires them to supervise  lead  and manage people at all levels.
32034	The extent to which the respondent's job requires them to build some specific functional or technical area of expertise and remain in their area of expertise rather than being promoted out of their area of expertise.
32035	The extent to which the respondent's job provides security through guaranteed work  benefits  and a good retirement program.
32036	The extent to which the respondent's job requires them to move from one location to another.
32037	The extent to which the respondent's job permits them to decide on their own how to go about doing their work.
32038	The extent to which the respondent's job allows them to be identified with a powerful or prestigious employer or organization.
32039	The extent to which the respondent's job allows them to use their skills and talents to serve important causes and to be of service to others.
32040	The extent to which the respondent's job requires them to do many different things at work  using a variety of their skills and talents.
32041	The extent  to which an organization provides support to internal career anchors.
32042	The relationship between subordinate and supervisor.
32043	The extent to which an information systems employee expresses a positive orientation toward his or her career.
32066	Whether the group was engaged in initial computer-mediated encounters.
32067	The respondent's and the transcriber's perceived amount of communication that showed solidarity  tension release  or agreement.
32068	The transcriber's perceived amount of communication that consisted of giving suggestions  asking for suggestions  giving opinion  asking for opinions  giving orientation  or asking for orientation.
32069	The respondent's and the transcriber's perceived  amount of communication that showed antagonism  tension  or disagreement.
32070	The respondent's satisfaction with the process used to solve the problem.
32071	The extent to which members of a problem-solving group hold similar views and solutions about the problem at the end of their task.
32072	The extent to which members of a problem-solving group acquiesce to the views and solutions of other members  while  holding reservations about those views and solutions.
32073	The extent to which the respondent believed there was a lack of a demonstrably correct solution.
32074	The extent to which the respondent cared about the quality of their output as well as the time that they spent.
32075	The respondent's perceived level of conflict.
32076	The respondent's perceived level of deception.
32132	The geographical dispersal of the firm's value-chain components; whether the functional activity was performed in a single country or in multiple countries for their business unit.
32133	The  manner in which the firm's dispersed components are linked; the extent to which the functional activity was coordinated across countries.
32134	The formal interdependencies that exist among global organizations.
32135	The central control of organizational resources by the corporate office.
32136	The extent to which the parent company views the international market as a single competitive arena.
32137	The corporation serves the international market through export departments organized along functional lines.
32138	The firm creates structural units in the form of marketing and/or manufacturing subsidiaries in various countries.
32139	The firm is one whose competitive position in one country is significantly affected by its position in other countries.
32140	The firm approaches the international market by focusing on a specific region  especially for production facilities  even though marketing and distribution activities are conducted globally.
32141	Whether the respondent's organization has a formal strategic information systems plan for international information systems.
32142	Whether the respondent's firm's business plan summary is included in the transnational information systems plan.
32143	The extent to which the corporate information systems group develops company-wide long-term objectives.
32144	The extent to which the subsidiary information systems groups develop company-wide long-term objectives.
32145	The participation of information systems executives in business planning.
32146	The extent of developing information systems for internal company operations.
32147	The extent to which there exists gathering of information about international political trends.
32148	The extent of compatibility of database standards across subsidiaries.
32149	The extent of standardization of applications.
32150	The extent of reliance on global vendors when purchasing applications.
32151	The extent of use of private international networks.
32152	The extent of use of X.400 based messaging systems.
32153	The extent of standardization of operating systems.
32154	The extent of standardization of global vendors.
32155	The extent of the use of expatriate employees.
32156	The extent of use of worldwide training programs.
32157	The degree of willingness to enter into and participate in activities between partners.
32158	The degree of interpenetration of organizational boundaries.
32159	The degree of accuracy  timeliness  adequacy  and credibility of communication process between partners.
32160	The degree of the act of working together harmoniously between partners.
32161	The extent to which critical or proprietary information is communicated to one's partner.
32162	The duration of prior relationship with the service providers.
32163	The firm's perception of its dependency on the partner firm relative to the partner's dependency on it.
32164	The degree of similarity pattern of shared values and beliefs between partners.
32165	The degree of the top manager's understanding of the specific benefits of collaboration with partners.
32166	The degree of confidence and willingness between partners.
32167	The degree of understanding of behaviors  goals  and policies between partners.
32168	The degree of articulation and agreement on benefit and risk between partners.
32169	The degree of incompatibility of activities  resource share  and goals between partners.
32170	The degree of the pledge of relationship continuity between partners.
32171	The achievement of strategic  economic  and technologies benefits of outsourcing.
32172	The degree of quality of offered services by the service provider.
32173	Collective (institutionalized) versus individual (individualized) context of socialization.
32179	The meeting groups' perceptions of their  facilitators' involvement in the meeting.
32182	The expert assessment of the quality of the groups' decisions.
32183	The perceived process of developing group cohesiveness.
32186	Group members' perception of the equality of participation among group members.
32188	The group was provided with process support via manual tools such as flip charts and paper and pencil.
32189	The group was given the Specific GroupSystems tools  issue identification  issue consolidation  and electronic voting.
32190	The user's assessment of the graphics' support for different structured techniques  variety of graph types  consistency across graph types  general ease of use  ease of making changes  print quality  printer support  and export facilities to other formats.
32191	The user's assessment of the prototyping quality of support for input screens  report design features  menu generation  dialog flow  ability to use sample data  and variety and quality of objects  widgets  or tool sets.
32192	The user's assessment of the data dictionary's ease of use  accessibility from graphs  variety and quality of data stored  ability to customize  depth of description  export capabilities to other software  import capabilities  multiuser access and locking  history of changes and audit trail  support for synonyms  and contention resolution.
32193	The Computer-Aided Software Engineering tool that the respondent uses.
32195	The respondent's experience with the Computer-Aided Software Engineering  tool.
32196	The respondent's company size.
32197	The user's assessment of the variety of computers supported and multiple platforms  network support  compatibility with existing software  vendor longetivity and stability  upward compatibility  workstation configuration  ease of customization  size of projects the system can handle  price  ease of installation  quality of documentation  internal help facilities  and vendor support.
32198	The user's assessment of the tool's coding structure  support for various compilers and environments  time to generate code  efficiency and speed of resulting code  size of resulting code  ease of reading and modifying code  and size of the projects supported.
32199	The user's assessment of the tool's support for different structured techniques  ability to find inconsistencies  data normalization capabilities  prompting capabilities within graphs  visual presentation of analysis results  and support for software quality control.
32200	Whether the business is or is not computerized (whether it uses at least one major software application).
32201	The number of personal computers and the number of software applications in use in each business.
32202	The extent to which the chief executive officer prefers solutions that change the structure in which the problem is embedded.
32203	The respondent's level of understanding of information systems as compared with other people in similar positions and the respondent's types of IS experience.
32204	The degree to which an innovation is perceived as better than its precursor.
32205	The degree to which an innovation is perceived as consistent with the existing values  needs  and past experiences of the potential adopter.
32206	The degree to which  an innovation is perceived as difficult to use.
32207	The company's number of employees.
32208	The chief executive officer's perception of their employee's information systems knowledge.
32209	The dependence of the business on three attributes of information: currency of information  reliability of information  and timeliness of information.
32210	The ease for a customer to switch to a competitor  level of rivalry among businesses in the same industry  and effect of substitutable products and services.
32226	The number of characters in the user's password.
32227	The composition of the user's password (alphabetic  numeric  alphanumeric  or the entire ASCII character set).
32228	How often the respondent changes their password.
32229	The way the user chose their password (whether it was a meaningful detail  a combination of meaningful details  a pronounceable string of characters  a random combination of characters  or other).
32233	The inherent value  of the data to an individual user.
32234	The degree to which  problems would arise if the contents of data files were known to others.
32235	How often the respondent used their password.
32236	Whether the respondent has ever had difficulty remembering their passwords.
32237	Whether the respondent wrote down their password and if so  where.
32314	The extent to which senior management has responsibility and policy issues.
32317	The extent to which an organization has explicit quality policies such as specificity of quality goals  comprehensiveness of the goal-setting process  importance attached to quality in relation to other goals  and the extent to which quality goals are reviewed and their attainment is emphasized.
32318	The extent to which an IS unit is interested in developing the capabilities of IS personnel.
32319	Incentives for spending within budget  customer satisfaction  process improvement  and cost reduction.
32320	The extent to which the organization uses a factory approach focusing on developing reusable components.
32321	The use of formal analysis and design techniques to achieve project objectives.
32334	The extent to which quality-related information is collected and analyzed to learn how quality objectives can be met and exceeded.
32335	The extent to which performance standards are dynamic and constantly revised in order to continuously improve performance.
32336	The extent to which users actively participate in determining system requirements  identifying input/output needs  and developing test plans.
32337	The extent to which programmers and analysts have autonomy and control over their work and their participation in core development tasks.
32338	The extent to which vendors are an integral part of the development process and the extent to which long-term partnerships have been developed with vendors.
32339	The user's assessment of the usefulness of the functionality of the system    the extent to which the system provides relevant and timely information  and the extent to which the system possesses superior engineering-oriented performance characteristics.
32340	The extent to which the project is on time  within budget  meeting user needs and eliminates waste due to rework and errors.
32341	The extent to which systems development  process parameters are optimized to enhance process effectiveness and the extent to which the process is in control.
32350	Formal (institutionalized) versus informal (individualized) context of socialization.
32361	Investiture (institutionalized) versus divestiture (individualized) social environment of socialization.
32366	Sequential (institutionalized) versus random (individualized) content of socialization.
32367	Serial (institutionalized) versus disjunctive (individualized) social environment of socialization.
32368	Fixed (institutionalized) versus variable (individualized) content of socialization.
32369	A newcomer's response to what he or she perceives to be expected behavior (custodial - the employee simply accepts assigned roles or innovative - the employee significantly changes role requirements).
32370	The extent to which the employee is given uncertain information about role behavior.
32371	The extent to which the employee is given mixed feedback or contradictory feedback.
32383	The rate of change in marketing practices  product sustainability  consumer demand and tastes  competitors  and production technology and the unpredictability of these changes.
32384	The variety of external forces with which the organization should interact.
32385	The extent to which the locus of decision making is located at the top level.
32386	The degree to which the different subunits/functions are distinguished with respect to goals  task orientation  time horizon  and degree of autonomy.
32387	The extent to which the roles and activities of the various organizational actors are clearly documented and reported by way of written rules and procedures.
32388	The degree to which the activities of separate actors in the organization can be coordinated through formal coordination mechanisms.
32389	How widely an organization depends on communications technology and how much the communications technology penetration is routinized.
32390	The physician's perceived usefulness of telemedicine.
32391	The physician's perceived ease of use of telemedicine.
32392	The physician's general attitude toward using telemedicine.
32393	The physician's intention to use telemedicine.
32394	The user's perception of how clear the system requirements are.
32395	The stability of the project requirements during development.
32397	The extent to which the project has new system development.
32398	The number of person-hours required to complete the project.
32404	Whether the user impact is high (i.e.  the project will considerably change the way users perform their jobs)  or low (the project will not adversely affect the user's job).
32405	Application knowledge by developers.
32407	Project management support and understanding and establishment of explicit procedures.
32408	Need for experimentation and learning before commitment of resources for a full project.
32626	Expendable prototyping (only mockups of reports and screens were produced or the prototype simulates some functions  but does not use real data)  evolutionary prototyping (prototype evolved into the final system.)  or no prototyping (no form of prototyping was used).
32629	The extent to which users believe the information system is available to them and meets their information requirements.
32630	The code was inspected for errors by a group.
32631	The code was inspected for errors by an individual.
32632	The total number of errors detected in the spreadsheet by the group or individual.
32633	The total number of errors  such as mistyping a number or pointing to the wrong cell when entering a formula  found in the spreadsheet.
32634	The number of discovered errors  in which the developer left something out of the spreadsheet.
32635	The number of errors  such as having the wrong algorithm for creating the formula or having the right algorithm but creating a formula that does not correctly implement the process  found in the spreadsheet.
32636	The formula in the spreadsheet had less than three operations and cell references.
32637	The formula in the spreadsheet had more than three operations and cell references.
32638	Participant's estimate of the percentage of errors they had discovered in the spreadsheet.
32639	The actual percentage of errors the participant discovered in the spreadsheet.
32936	Whether the organization is centralized (centralized processing  low communication  low sharing)  decentralized (decentralized processing  low communication  low sharing)  centralized cooperative (centralized processing  high communication  high sharing)  or distributed cooperative computing (decentralized processing  high communication  high sharing.
32937	Whether the respondent's organization's structure was functional (divided into production  marketing)  product (division by product/service produced) or matrix (subordinates report to multiple managers).
32938	The extent to which decisions (e.g.  capital budgeting  pricing  personnel) are made at the top levels of the organization.
32939	The degree to which the firm has interdepartmental cooperation.
32940	The extent to which the respondent was satisfied with the resources required for the study.
32941	The extent to which the respondent was satisfied with the process followed by the study.
32942	The extent to which the respondent was satisfied with the output of the study.
32943	The extent to which the respondent was satisfied with the extent of implementation of the results.
32955	The extent to which the study had achieved each objective.
32983	Finance company  banking  insurance  brokerage firm  or other.
32984	Fewer than 50   51 to 100  101 to 250   251 to 500   501 to 1 000   1 001 to 5 000  5 001 to 10 000 or more than 10 000 employees.
32985	Less than $25 million   $25 to 50 million   $51 to 1OO million   $101 to 250 million   $251 to 500 million   $501 to 1 000 million  or more than $1  000 million.
32986	High school  undergraduate degree  master's degree  or doctorate.
32988	Whether the Information technology (IT) leader is an external or internal hire.
32989	The number of levels the Information technology (IT) functional head is below the CEO.
32990	The number of employees solely or primarily involved in IT department or function.
32993	The number of years since the respondent's graduation with their highest diploma.
32999	The theoretical dimension of attributes that successful IT leaders should possess.
33000	Whether the user is an information center product specialist or an end user.
33003	The respondent's number of years of computer experience.
33004	The respondent's level of computer literacy.
33005	The respondent's fear of using computers.
33006	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular software package is free of effort.
33007	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular software package could enhance his or her job performance.
33008	The subject's perceived expertise in using the software package that they were appraising.
33009	Which software package the respondent was using.
33131	The influence of workplace visions held by the managerial strategists and IT developers responsible for IT deployment.
33132	The information technology's efficiencies of speed and accuracy  economies of scope  flexibilities for mass customization  and time and distance compression capabilities that create and define the potential domain of computerized work.
33133	The respondent's ratings of the work values: achievement in work  advancement  to be employed by a company they are proud of  contribution to society  feedback  independence in work  influence in the organization  influence in work  job interest  job status  personal growth  responsibility  to do complete and meaningful work  and use of ability and knowledge in their work.
33134	The respondent's ratings of the work values: fellow workers who are pleasant and agreeable  esteem  interaction  recognition for doing a good job  and supervision.
33135	The respondent's ratings of the work values: benefits and social conditions  convenient hours of work  job security  pay  and work conditions.
33136	The perceived level of support provided for the work values by the information technology.
33137	Congruence between the work values held by an individual and the perception of support for those values by an information system.
33139	The extent of the respondent's experience using different types of computer software and languages and participating in the development of computerized information systems.
33140	The extent of training in both microcomputers and mainframes they had received from four sources: college courses; vendor training; in-house training; and self-training.
33141	Respondent's ratings of their computer skills.
33142	General support  which includes top management encouragement and allocation of adequate resources.
33143	The level of usage of microcomputers by the respondent's supervisors  peers  and subordinates.
33144	The degree to which computer technology is perceived as relatively difficult to understand and use.
33145	The prospective user's subjective probability that using a specific application system will increase his or her job performance within an organizational context.
33146	The extent to which the activity of using the computer is perceived to be enjoyable in its own right  apart from any performance consequences that may be anticipated.
33147	Normative beliefs about the appropriateness of the behavior.
33148	The amount of time the respondent spent on the microcomputer per day.
33149	Extensiveness of usage  ranging from less than once a month to several times a day.
33207	The rating of the application on eleven quality attributes (online data validity checking  backup and recovery procedures  file cross checking for data validity  screen design  report design  ease of use  online help  programmer documentation  user documentation  program modularity  and program complexity).
33208	Errors detected while inspecting the source code and executing each application system project normalized by the number of function points.
33210	The program application was developed by surrogate information system (IS) professionals (computer information systems (CIS) majors enrolled in a senior-level undergraduate database course).
33212	Kbtained by direct examination of the source code turned in as part of each application system project  including  data definition statements as well as executable code lines.
33213	The extent of changes in user requirements over the course of the project.
33214	The extent to which users differ among themselves in their requirements.
33215	The extent to which the process of converting user needs to a set of requirements specifications can be reduced to mechanical steps or objective procedures.
33216	The extent to which coordination between users and IS  or data processing  staff is undertaken through decisions by authorized entities such as project managers or steering committees.
33217	The extent to which coordination between users and IS staff is undertaken through mutual adjustments and communication.
33218	The degree of difficulty perceived in estimating the following five aspects of performance during the later phases of the project: the projected costs of the project   the project completion time  the projected benefits of the software  the software's compatibility with its environment  and the software's ability to meet user needs.
33219	The extent to which the development process is under control.
33220	The extent to which the software developed at the end of the project is able to support distinctly new products or functions in response to changing business needs.
33225	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would be free of effort.
33226	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her near-term job performance.
33227	The degree to which a person believes that using a particular system would enhance his or her long-term job performance.
33228	The respondent's intention to use the technology.
33229	The uncertainty of the information systems department's future in the corporation or organization and the threat of being disbanded.
33230	A subjective assessment of development backlogs  user satisfaction with the information system department  user satisfaction with the applications portfolio  and pressure on the information systems department to improve its performance.
33231	Specific groups involved in R&D  experimentation  and technology exploration and the degree of resource commitment for technology exploration.
33232	Seminars and product shows  consultants  trade publications  vendor representatives  video/audio tapes  text and reference books  and contacts with programmer/analysts in other organizations.
33233	Championship of information technology innovations by top management  top-management involvement in leading the IS function  top-management participation in the activities of the information systems departments and information systems  and participation and involvement of top management in establishing clear goals for the IS function.
33234	Rotation of development personnel among job roles and the degree to which job responsibilities are changed among programmers and analysts.
33235	The advocacy and enthusiasm for computer-aided software engineering by members in the organization.
33236	Availability of training in computer-aided software engineering tools  methodologies  and structured development approaches.
33237	The number of full-time employees.
33238	The usage of computer-aided software engineering tools for systems development.
33239	The degree of interdependence within a work group.
33240	The degree of interdependence between the work group and other groups in the division.
33241	The degree of interdependence between the work group and other divisions in the
33242	The respondent's perceived individual usefulness of Lotus Notes.
33243	The respondent's perceived impact of Lotus Notes on organizational efficiency.
33245	Whether the group's national culture was Mexican  U.S.  or both.
33246	The degree of agreement among group members regarding the ranking of the idea categories generated by the group.
33247	Whether the group was a group support group or a non-group support (manual) group.
33248	The perceived satisfaction of the group members with the group's final rankings of the idea categories.
33249	The perceived opportunity for equal participation among group members in the group exercise.
33250	The relative degree of change in the level of agreement from the group's first ranking to the second ranking of categories.
33251	The importance of attributes of data quality.
33360	The degree of processing capacity that is expended during task performance and is affected by the components of information load  namely  task  domain  the number of ideas  idea diversity  and time.
33361	The complexity of the finished output of organized ideas.
33450	IT strengths as manifested by strong IT leadership  strong IT planning  experience with IT  and strong technical support staff.
33451	Improving or monitoring operations  facilitating paperwork  storing and processing information  and providing timely and accurate information for making decisions.
33452	Innovative IT investments that increase a firm's value.
33453	The perceived need to improve or maintain the firm's market position and image or reputation.
33454	Perceived favorable market growth  favorable economic growth  and favorable environmental change in industry.
33455	The presence of an extensive distribution network.
33456	The presence of top management vision and support and well-defined management objectives.
33457	Whether the respondent's firm had developed applications that enabled the firm to gain an edge over competitors or prevented competitors from gaining an edge over the firm.
33458	The IT manager's assessment of the strategy of their own firm.
33459	The firm's evolution in planning  organization  control  and integration aspects of their information systems function.
33460	Small firms are classified as those with 500 or fewer total employees and large firms are those with more than 500 total employees.
33461	Small firms are classified as those with annual sales of $ 1 billion or less and large firms are those with over $ 1 billion.
33462	The firm's strategic response to new trade agreement.
33486	The extent to which the firm employs systems analysis  design  and construction of application software and the accompanying software maintenance.
33487	The extent to which the firm employs mainframe and minicomputer operations for daily processing runs  backup and recovery  and systems software maintenance.
33488	The extent to which the firm employs hardware and software development for telecommunications  daily management of voice  video  data  and/or image communications  and network operations and maintenance
33489	The extent to which the firm employs PC procurement  user education and training  and user consulting.
33490	The extent to which the firm employs highly asset-specific activities such as project management  personnel management  financial management  and administrative support.
33491	The degree and direction of discrepancy between service receiver's expectations and perceptions.
33492	The working relationship between the service provider and the firm that reflects a long-term commitment  a sense of mutual cooperation  shared risks and benefits  and other qualities consistent with concepts and theories of participatory decision making.
33493	The satisfaction with benefits from outsourcing gained by an organization as a result of deploying an outsourcing strategy.
33508	The understanding of the computer system and the degree of interest  support  and recognition about information systems or computerization.
33509	The average education and experience levels of information system group members.
33510	The degree of participation in the overall accounting information systems (AIS) implementation process by the user group.
33511	Whether the training and education system exists and if the user was substantially educated through the system.
33512	Whether a steering committee exists.
33513	Whether the information system unit is independent or located within other departments.
33514	The current formalization of progress reports for a project submitted to the manager of the IS department  project documentation in a standardized format  detailed person-hour recording by each project  cost allocation to individual project  and computer-based information system for project control.
33515	The sales volume or premium income and the number of employees.
33516	The firm's evolution or maturity level of information systems (IS).
33517	The user's satisfaction of the accounting information systems.
33518	The extent to which the user uses accounting information systems.
33547	The degree of liberation from social evaluation.
33548	The degree to which responsibility is believed to be equally distributed to all group members.
33549	The perception of distance between people.
33550	The degree to which people know each other.
33551	The degree to which people believed in the anonymity of the system.
33552	Attention to oneself as a social object.
33775	The degree to which change in top management support was present.
33776	The degree to which external shocks to the organization were present.
33777	The degree to which change in project champion was present.
33778	The degree to which organizational tolerance for failure was present.
33785	The degree to which publicly stated resource limits were present.
33790	The degree to which consideration of alternative uses of funds supporting a project was present.
33794	The degree to which awareness of problems facing the project was present.
33795	The degree to which visibility of project costs was present.
33796	The degree to which clarity of criteria for success and failure was present.
33797	The degree to which organizational practices for evaluating decision makers (process vs outcome) was present.
33798	The degree to which regular evaluation of projects was present.
33799	The degree to which separation of responsibility for approving and evaluating projects was present.
33811	Escalation of commitment to failing courses of action or deescalation of commitment (the reversal of escalating commitments to failing courses of action  either through project termination or redirection).
34343	The extent to which the participant felt understood by their partner during the interaction.
34344	The degree to which users perceive they are cognitively  affectively  and behaviorally engaged in the interaction.
34345	The extent to which participants perceived their partner as receptive to their own viewpoints.
34346	The extent to which the participant felt similar to their partner.
34347	Participant's sense of connectedness with their partner during the interaction.
34348	The extent to which users perceive and create a sense of relational connection  interdependence  coordination  and understanding with one another.
34349	Perceived dominance  confidence  and energy of partner and format.
34350	Perceived expertise  competence  and experience of partner and format
34351	Perceived reliability  helpfulness  cleverness  usefulness  intelligence  and efficiency of partner and format.
34352	Perceived sociability and friendliness of partner and format.
34353	Perceived truthfulness  trustworthiness  high character  and credibility of partner and format.
34354	The extent to which the partner showed the participant different ways to view the situation  approached the task with professionalism  was satisfied with the partner's contribution and enjoyed working with the partner.
34355	Discrepancy between participant and confederate (expert) rankings on the twelve items.
34356	The distance participants moved toward the confederate's position.
34357	Participants record the partner's ranking for the three top-ranked and three bottom-ranked items. It was scored as number of correct matches.
34358	The absolute distance from actual partner ranking.
34359	What participants believed to be their partner's position and reasoning on the six middle-ranked items.
34360	Participants were given a computer partner that used only text.
34361	Participants were given a computer partner that used text and voice.
34362	Participants were given a computer partner that used text  voice and still images.
34363	Participants were given a computer partner that used voice and animation.
34364	Participants were given a computer partner with a human-like image with synthesized speech and matching lip synchronization.
34365	Participant's partner was a human confederate who adhered strictly to the script.
34366	Participant's partner was a human confederate who interacted  freely  (i.e.  in a normal  contingent turn-taking fashion) while still introducing the same information supplied in the script.
34367	Participants were paired with a confederate and conducted the discussion via a synchronous Windows-based online chat program.
34368	Two naive participants conducted the task orally and face-to-face  with no restrictions placed on the content  pace  or length of interaction.
34369	Participants were paired with a same-sex confederate who followed the script as closely as possible but was given the latitude to respond to questions  concerns  or digressions initiated by the participant.
34371	The degree of participants' subjective comprehension of the two analysis methods.
34372	Time taken by the participant to learn the analysis method.
34373	Time taken by the participant to analyze a  system using the method.
34374	Accuracy of the analysis results using the method.
34375	The extent to which the analysis method was easy to learn.
34376	The extent to which the analysis method was easy to use.
34377	Clarity of diagrams used in the analysis method.
34378	The extent to which the analysis method was useful in modeling systems.
34379	Participant's overall preference for the analysis methods.
34381	The majority/minority task was designed so that seven subjects received a subset of information favoring the same suboptimal alternative  while three received a subset of information favoring the optimal alternative.
34382	In the uniform task  three subjects received a subset of information favoring the optimal alternative  four received a subset of information favoring a suboptimal alternative  and three received information favoring a different suboptimal alternative.
34383	The pieces of information for all four alternatives (verbal SAT  math SAT  GPA  sex  and major) were given to all subjects.
34384	The proportion of statements made by the group exerting information influence (e.g.  providing facts).
34385	The proportion of statements made by the group exerting normative influence (e.g.  stating a preference for one alternative).
34386	The extent to which the respondent thought about the information contributed by others.
34387	The extent to which the respondent believed other group members thought about the information contributed by the respondent.
34388	Information known to the subject prior to group discussion.
34389	Information unknown prior to discussion that had been learned from the discussion.
34390	The degree of accuracy that subjects attributed to information contributed by others.
34391	Subjects' rating of the importance of the eighteen criteria present.
34392	The number of minutes required for the group to reach a decision.
34393	The number of groups making the optimal decision.
34401	Whether stakeholders felt the animation models sufficiently  clarified the proposed processes.
34856	The number of defects found per page in preparation.
34857	The number of defects found per page during the meeting.
34858	The number of defects found per person hour invested in the inspection during preparation.
34859	The number of defects found per person hour invested in the inspection during the meeting.
34860	The percentage of defects found during the inspection versus the percentage that slipped through and was detected during later inspections  in test or in the field.
34863	Electronic meeting system-supported inspection (in which inspectors enter the defects into a networked computer rather than declaring them out loud) or traditional inspection.
34875	Defects that would have resulted in a test or field defect if not detected during inspection per inspection.
34878	Defects not always reported by inspectors in traditional meetings per inspection.
34880	Defects that would have resulted in a test or field defect if not detected during inspection in meeting.
34881	Defects not always reported by inspectors in traditional meetings in meeting.
34882	Percentage of defects that would have resulted in a test or field defect if not detected during inspection in meeting.
34883	Percentage of defects not always reported by inspectors in traditional meetings in meeting.
34885	Participants’ evaluations of the inspections.
34886	A structured review aimed at detecting defects in development documents or code.
34890	The number of defects reported per hour in the logging meeting.
34891	The proportion of respondents who thought that financial information was important for detailed analysis.
34892	The proportion of respondents who thought that financial information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34893	The proportion of respondents who thought that financial information was important for consolidated analysis.
34894	The proportion of respondents who thought that working capital information was important for detailed analysis.
34895	The proportion of respondents who thought that working capital information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34896	The proportion of respondents who thought that working capital information was important for consolidated analysis.
34897	The proportion of respondents who thought that market information was important for detailed analysis.
34898	The proportion of respondents who thought that market information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34899	The proportion of respondents who thought that market information was important for consolidated analysis.
34900	The proportion of respondents who thought that cost information was important for detailed analysis.
34901	The proportion of respondents who thought that cost information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34902	The proportion of respondents who thought that cost information was important for consolidated analysis.
34903	The proportion of respondents who thought that personnel information was important for detailed analysis.
34904	The proportion of respondents who thought that personnel information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34905	The proportion of respondents who thought that personnel information was important for consolidated analysis.
34906	The proportion of respondents who thought that asset information was important for detailed analysis.
34907	The proportion of respondents who thought that asset information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34908	The proportion of respondents who thought that asset information was important for consolidated analysis.
34909	The proportion of respondents who thought that expense information was important for detailed analysis.
34910	The proportion of respondents who thought that expense information was important for analysis by cost/profit centers.
34911	The proportion of respondents who thought that expense information was important for consolidated analysis.
34912	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for financial information.
34913	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for financial information.
34914	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for financial information.
34915	The proportion of respondents who prefer quarterly reporting intervals for financial information.
34916	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for financial information.
34917	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for working capital information.
34918	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for working capital information.
34919	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for working capital information.
34920	The proportion of respondents who prefer Quarterly reporting intervals for working capital information.
34921	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for working capital information.
34922	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for market information.
34923	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for market information.
34924	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for market information.
34925	The proportion of respondents who prefer quarterly reporting intervals for market information.
34926	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for market information.
34927	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for cost information.
34928	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for cost information.
34929	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for cost information.
34930	The proportion of respondents who prefer quarterly reporting intervals for cost information.
34931	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for cost information.
34932	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for personnel information.
34933	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for personnel information.
34934	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for personnel information.
34935	The proportion of respondents who prefer quarterly reporting intervals for personnel information.
34936	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for personnel information.
34937	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for asset information.
34938	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for asset information.
34939	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for asset information.
34940	Quarterly asset information reporting interval
34941	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for asset information.
34942	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for expense information.
34943	The proportion of respondents who prefer weekly reporting intervals for expense information.
34944	The proportion of respondents who prefer monthly reporting intervals for expense information.
34945	The proportion of respondents who prefer daily reporting intervals for expense information.
34946	The proportion of respondents who prefer annual reporting intervals for expense information.
34948	The availability of the information needed to perform financial analysis.
34950	The availability of the information needed to perform working capital analysis.
34952	The availability of the information needed to perform market analysis.
34955	The availability of the information needed to perform cost analysis.
34959	The availability of the information needed to perform personnel analysis.
34962	The availability of the information needed to perform asset analysis.
34967	The availability of the information needed to perform expense analysis.
34971	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for improving cash flows.
34974	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for downsizing.
34977	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for deferring debt.
34978	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for increasing revenues.
34979	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for cutting expenses.
34980	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for refocusing marketing.
34981	The proportion of respondents who feel that a financial report is important for cutting costs.
34982	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for improving cash flows.
34983	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for downsizing.
34984	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for deferring debt.
34985	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for increasing revenues.
34986	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for cutting expenses.
34987	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for refocusing marketing.
34988	The proportion of respondents who feel that a working capital report is important for cutting costs.
34989	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for improving cash flows.
34990	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for downsizing.
34991	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for deferring debt.
34992	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for increasing revenues.
34993	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for cutting expenses.
34994	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for refocusing marketing.
34995	The proportion of respondents who feel that a cost report is important for cutting costs.
34996	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for improving cash flows.
34997	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for downsizing.
34998	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for deferring debt.
34999	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for increasing revenues.
35000	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for cutting expenses.
35001	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for refocusing marketing.
35002	The proportion of respondents who feel that an expense report is important for cutting costs.
35003	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for improving cash flows.
35004	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for downsizing.
35005	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for deferring debt.
35006	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for increasing revenues.
35007	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for cutting expenses.
35008	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for refocusing marketing.
35009	The proportion of respondents who feel that a personnel report is important for cutting costs.
35010	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for improving cash flows.
35011	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for downsizing.
35012	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for deferring debt.
35013	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for increasing revenues.
35014	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for cutting expenses.
35015	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for refocusing marketing.
35016	The proportion of respondents who feel that an asset report is important for cutting costs.
35017	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for improving cash flows.
35018	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for downsizing.
35019	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for deferring debt.
35020	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for increasing revenues.
35021	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for cutting expenses.
35022	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for refocusing marketing.
35023	The proportion of respondents who feel that a market report is important for cutting costs.
35024	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past financial information was important for analysis.
35025	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current financial information was important for analysis.
35026	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future financial information was important for analysis.
35027	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past working capital information was important for analysis.
35028	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current working capital information was important for analysis.
35029	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future working capital information was important for analysis.
35030	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past market information was important for analysis.
35031	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current market information was important for analysis.
35032	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future market information was important for analysis.
35033	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past cost information was important for analysis.
35034	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current cost information was important for analysis.
35035	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future cost information was important for analysis.
35036	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past personnel information was important for analysis.
35037	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current personnel information was important for analysis.
35038	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future personnel information was important for analysis.
35039	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past asset information was important for analysis.
35040	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current personnel information was important for analysis.
35041	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future personnel information was important for analysis.
35042	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of past expense information was important for analysis.
35043	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of current expense information was important for analysis.
35044	Proportion of the respondents who thought use of future expense information was important for analysis.
35045	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of financial information.
35046	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of financial information.
35047	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of financial information.
35048	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of financial information.
35049	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of financial information.
35050	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of financial information.
35051	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of working capital information.
35052	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of working capital information.
35053	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of working capital information.
35054	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of working capital information.
35055	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of working capital information.
35056	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of working capital information.
35057	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of market information.
35058	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of market information.
35059	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of market information.
35060	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of market information.
35061	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of market information.
35062	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of market information.
35063	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of cost information.
35064	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of cost information.
35065	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of cost information.
35066	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of cost information.
35067	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of cost information.
35068	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of cost information.
35069	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of personnel information.
35070	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of personnel information.
35071	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of personnel information.
35072	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of personnel information.
35073	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of personnel information.
35074	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of personnel information.
35075	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of asset information.
35076	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of asset information.
35077	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of asset information.
35078	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of asset information.
35079	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of asset information.
35080	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of asset information.
35081	Proportion of the respondents who thought using employees as a source was important for analysis of expense information.
35082	Proportion of the respondents who thought using management information systems as a source was important for analysis of expense information.
35083	Proportion of the respondents who thought using customers as a source was important for analysis of expense information.
35084	Proportion of the respondents who thought using suppliers as a source was important for analysis of expense information.
35085	Proportion of the respondents who thought using lenders as a source was important for analysis of expense information.
35086	Proportion of the respondents who thought using databases as a source was important for analysis of expense information.
35090	Whether the company used TradeNet electronic data interchange.
35092	Amount handled per document processing staff.
35094	Amount earned per document processing staff.
35097	Whether the TradeNet initiatives have achieved their intended objectives.
35099	The process and competency of performing TradeNet initiatives.
35102	Participant's satisfaction with TradeNet features.
35104	Participant's satisfaction with the price of TradeNet.
35116	The experimental group in which participants experienced the conditions associated with an incentive to act in one's self-interest in conflict with the organization's overall goals while being able to hide those actions through privately held information.
35117	The control group in which participants experienced neither of the conditions associated with an incentive to act in one's self-interest in conflict with the organization's overall goals while being able to hide those actions through privately held information.
35122	The decision of information system professionals of whether or not to implement a system with quality problems.
35140	Measures individuals’ perceptions about whether behavior is fair  just  morally right  and acceptable.
35141	Measures individuals’ perceptions about whether behavior is acceptable in relation to the guidelines  requirements  and parameters inherent in the individual’s social or cultural system.
35142	Measures individuals’ perceptions about whether behavior violates implied obligations  contracts  and duties.
35150	Reasons for participants to purchase rather than pirate software.
35155	Reasons for participants to pirate rather than purchase software.
35206	A general measure of ethical attitudes.
35207	A one-page information sheet on software piracy was provided to the participant.
35208	The extent to which individuals would make illegal copies for him or herself at home  for a family member  for a friend  and for other colleagues.
35210	19 to 25 years old  26 to 40 years old  and older than 40.
35235	User satisfaction with system development project.
35239	Whether or not a particular participative behavior (under project feasibility  project design  project installation  and project management) was exercised.
35241	The individual's perception of task difficulty and role ambiguity.
35244	The complexity of the system being designed and built.
35246	Combination of task complexity and system complexity.
35300	The virtual team’s belief in its general effectiveness across multiple situations and tasks.
35301	The virtual team’s belief in its ability to perform more advanced and conceptual computer tasks such as troubleshooting computer-related problems.
35302	The virtual team’s belief in its ability to work together successfully in a noncollocated  technology-mediated environment.
35303	Perceptions of the virtual team’s effort toward completing the team project.
35304	Perceptions of outcome satisfaction  team satisfaction  and outcome quality.
35305	Summation of postings within the respective virtual team discussion areas.
35306	Team project grades.
35374	An appropriate level of ambition is determined and is ideally translated into a logical and harmonious package of design and change management measures.
35375	The number of critical activities or operational functions  distinguished as procurement  inbound logistics  production  marketing and sales  outbound logistics  and service  tackled in the reengineering effort.
35376	The number and kind of organizational aspects or levers that change profoundly as a result of reengineering  analyzed by five organizational aspects: the customer approach  process knowledge  organizational structure  information technology  and performance measurement.
35377	Five change management measures  including the number and alignment of projects  the specification of change plans  the methodological support of change managers  the formalization of the change organization  and the role of top management.
35378	Three change management measures used to gather and convey information needed to attune the change activities during the reengineering effort: the formalization of project meetings  the standardization of project meetings  and the nature of communication with those directly affected by the changes.
35379	The number and size of the achieved performance improvements.
35380	The distance between the actual pattern followed and the ideal-type pattern that corresponds to the level of ambition set.
35381	Determined by the number and size of the intended performance improvements and whether or not a sustainable competitive advantage or breakpoint is pursued.
35382	An incremental  bottom-up  narrow change of an existing process within an operational function that requires relatively simple change management measures.
35383	Reflects a middle-out  average change focused on the interdependence of activities across distinct functional lines that demands extended planning and coordination measures.
35384	A top-down  large-scale reengineering effort.
35388	The percent of change efforts intended to improve reduction of cost  cycle time  lead time  delivery reliability  price/performance ratio  productivity  time to market  market share  customer satisfaction  and information services.
35391	The extent to which an individual or group of individuals has the freedom  independence  and discretion to determine what actions are required and how best to execute them  such as hiring  firing  and disciplining fellow team members.
35392	The extent to which an individual or group of individuals has the freedom  independence  and discretion to determine what actions are required and how best to execute them  such as setting team goals and objectives  developing project budgets and having spending authority  and developing work schedules such as flex-time.
35393	The degree of team members' understanding of the team's mission and/or overall purpose.
35394	How organized and efficient the team members feel their team is.
35395	The degree to which team members feel their team works together in harmony.
35396	The degree to which groups periodically assess those things it has done effectively  those things it has done ineffectively  and measures that the group might take to address the identified weaknesses.
35397	The degree to which members of a group are linked in such a way that each member feels that he or she cannot be successful unless all other members of the group are successful.
35398	The degree to which members of the group identify the individual strengths and weaknesses in the group and try to help others develop the skills necessary for the group to achieve its goal through explaining or teaching.
35399	How the organization recognizes employee performance.
35400	The orientation of the organization toward undertaking potentially innovative initiatives with uncertain outcome.
35401	The organization's interest  in the welfare of the employee.
35402	How friendly the atmosphere is in the organization.
35403	How satisfied a worker feels with the work he or she does.
35404	The opportunity for personal learning and growth offered by the work itself.
35405	The individual's feelings about his or her level of performance.
35417	The amount of intellectual work done by people as they conduct their affairs.
35418	The number of interdependent activities performed to transform raw materials into final products that are delivered to customer.
35419	Top management's recognition of the strategic potential of information technology  commitment to information systems function  knowledge about information assets and opportunities  recognition that information technology is essential to the success of the firm  and view of information technology spending as a strategic investment.
35420	Perceived competence within the firm and its relative competence compared to competition.
35421	The rate and unpredictability of environmental change.
35422	Complexity that encompasses variations among the firm's markets that require diversity in production and marketing orientation.
35423	The availability of resources and the degree of competition.
35424	Whether participants indicated that there is a weak relationship between business planning and information systems planning and little significant effort to use information technology (e.g.  computers  telecommunications) to support business plans.
35425	Whether participants indicated that business planning provides directions for information systems planning  which primarily focuses on providing support for business plans.
35426	Whether participants indicated that there is a reciprocal and interdependent relationship between business planning and information systems planning  which plays both a role in supporting and influencing business plans.
35427	Whether participants indicated that business and information systems strategies are developed concurrently in the same integrated planning process.
35428	No evolution  evolution without bypassed phases  evolution with bypassed phases  or reverse evolution.
35437	The likelihood that a customer will recommend a Web site to others.
35438	Accuracy of information  quality of information  and freshness of content.
35439	Readability  clarity  and layout of Web site.
35441	Whether the Web site is information-oriented or transaction-oriented.
35448	Whether the Web site offers goods or services.
35449	Whether a Web site is government Web site or a commercial Web site.
35452	Usefulness of services provided  convenience of services  and the extent to which the Web site enables customers to accomplish their goals.
35583	Information technology spending by site for companies in the Fortune 1000.
35584	Structures that decentralize authority  such as self-managing teams  employee involvement groups  and broad jobs.
35585	The allocation of individual decisions about various aspects of the production process  such as the pace or method of work.
35586	Skill levels and education.
35587	The percentage of clerical  unskilled blue collar  skilled blue collar  managers  and professionals.
35588	Preemployment screening for education and incentives for human capital acquisition.
35589	Objective contractual incentives involving overall incentive pay and the various types of pay for performance systems.
35590	Subjective incentive pay and promotion incentives on individual performance.
35591	Team building and team-based promotion incentives.
35592	Menu of contracts  performance pay.
35617	The ability of any technology component to attach to any of the other components inside and outside the organizational environment.
35618	The ability to add  modify  and remove the modules of software applications with little or no widespread effect on the applications collectively.
35619	The ability to share any type of information across any technology component.
35620	The free retrieval and flow of data between authorized personnel in an organization or between organizations regardless of location.
35621	Those processes that involve the physical creation of the product and its sale and transfer to the buyer as well as after-sale service.
35622	The impact of the information technology on the cost of human resource management  general management  and coordination.
35623	How well information technology assists its primary users in meeting the following needs related to a resource: monitor utilization  upgrade  transfer or dispose  and account for.
35624	The impact of information technology on things such as switching costs  a corporation's ability to move backward or forward in the value chain  and the ability of a corporation to evaluate alternative customers or suppliers.
35629	The organization's ability to deploy information technology in the most effective possible manner in support of the business strategies.
35641	The ratio of the total revenue realized by the hospital to the total number of days in the period under consideration.
35642	The ratio of the total revenue realized by the hospital to the total number of patient admissions during the period under consideration.
35643	The number of mortalities within within 30 days of an operative procedure divided by the total number of operative procedures conducted in the time period under consideration.
35644	Patient responses on willingness to recommend the hospital to others  satisfaction with the doctors and nurses  and treatment with dignity  respect  and compassion.
35645	Expenses including costs associated with total salary and wage expenses for management  supervisors  professionals  administrative and clerical staff.
35646	Expenses including consulting fees expense  decision support system computer programming  software support  and decision support system maintenance expense.
35647	Expenses including the cost of the decision support systems software product and its associated modules.
35648	The extent of anticipated business process redesign impact for a given hospital during a given time period.
35649	Case mix for a given hospital during a given time period.
35650	Number of full-time employees at a given hospital during a given time period.
35651	Percent of Medicare admissions at a given hospital during a given time period.
35652	Percent of Medicaid admissions at a given hospital during a given time period.
35653	Per-capita income of the region/market for a given hospital during a given time period.
35654	Ratio of outpatient revenue to total revenue for a given hospital during a given time period.
35655	Participants used a process designed to appear as a traditional groupware tool and appeared to provide electronic communication with anonymity and parallelism by containing a list of discussion comments in one window.
35656	Participants used a process designed to appear as a traditional groupware tool and appeared to provide electronic communication with anonymity and parallelism by containing a list of discussion comments in four categories based on the decision alternatives.
35657	Participants used a process designed to increase both attention to and integration of the information by requiring subjects to categorize each piece of information as it was received.
35658	Participants used a process designed to increase both attention to and integration of the information; similar to the receiver categorize treatment  except that this treatment had an extra category filtering out unimportant information and enabling the participants to focus on the information they believe to be important for their decision.
35659	The degree to which the subject believed he or she paid attention to the information.
35660	The number of pieces of information recalled that was contained in the initial prediscussion task information sheet given to the subjects prior to using the simulator.
35661	The number of pieces of information recalled that was only received from the simulator.
35662	The degree to which the subject believed he or she thought about and used information contributed by others.
35663	Integration of information known prior to using the simulator.
35664	Integration of information received only from the simulator.
35665	Whether or not subjects chose the correct alternative on the postsession questionnaire.
35673	The customer’s perception of the vendor’s fairness and honesty in the software industry.
35674	The customer’s perception of the vendor’s credibility of promises  honesty when dealing with problems  and reliability of their claims.
35675	The extent to which the database management software vendor was important to the customer.
35676	The extent to which the survey respondents had invested in the database management software vendor.
35677	The credibility of a vendor in delivering software on time  and the extent to which late product deliveries were a problem with the database management software vendor.
35678	The extent to which a database management software vendor provided customers with error free software.
35679	How credible a vendor was when they had promised a specific feature or function on a piece of software.
35680	The respondent’s primary database management software vendor.
35684	The ability of information technology personnel to understand the business processes they are to support and to apply the appropriate technical solution to a given business problem.
35685	The importance of information technology personnel having skills and knowledge to assume roles outside their area of training or original competencies.
35686	Technical capabilities of information technology personnel.
35696	The ability to easily and readily diffuse or support a wide variety of hardware  software  communications technologies  data  core applications  skills and competencies  commitments  and values within the technical physical base and the human component of the existing information technology infrastructure.
35697	The organization's level of investment in developing technology management  skills  business functional knowledge  management skills  and technical  knowledge and skills.
35698	The organization's level of investment in applications  data  and technical  components.
35699	Oil  publishing  chemicals  industrial machinery  electronics  communications  utilities  wholesale goods  depository institutions  investment  engineering  or general manufacturing.
35700	The primary objective of the information technology scanning activity.
35701	The primary scanning method (informally  as needed by the information systems function  on a regular schedule by the information system function  as needed by a cross-functional team  or on a regular schedule by a cross-functional team.
35702	The presence of a formal information technology scanning unit.
35703	The difficulty of staying abreast of changes in the information technology environment.
35705	The approximate annual costs associated with scanning the information technology environment including personnel  books  magazine/journal subscriptions  and attendance at conferences.
35706	The extent to which their organizations scanned for a variety of issues  including social  economic  political  regulatory  and competitors.
35707	The frequency of use of human sources  general documentary sources  vendor sources  combination sources  academic journals  and trade journals.
35708	The importance of human sources  general documentary sources  vendor sources  combination sources  academic journals  and trade journals.
35710	Information technology is not critical to any aspect of the business strategy; current goals for information technology lack focus and direction.
35711	Current goals for information technology focus on cost reduction  improving quality and speed  and enhancing overall firm effectiveness.
35712	Current goals for information technology focus on extending market/geographic reach and changing industry and market practices.
35713	Current goals for IT are a combination of both operations and market focus.
35714	The alignment of information technology with the business strategy.
35715	A feasibility study or preimplementation review to determine  among other things  the likely impact of the investment on the corporation.
35716	The extent to which all IT investments were subject to routine appraisal and the extent to which large IT investments were subject to executive management approval.
35717	Whether reviews were routinely performed after an IT investment had been implemented and whether afterwards there was a pattern of regular and continuous followup reviews.
35718	Information technology improves planning and decision making by improving organizational communication and coordination and by enhancing organizational flexibility.
35719	Use IT to coordinate supplier linkages and reduce search costs.
35720	Use information technology to deliver enhanced manufacturing techniques through computer-aided design.
35721	Information technology can be used in the development of new products and services.
35722	The development of new products and services can enable an organization to identify and serve new market segments.
35723	Information technology can be used to establish  sustain  and improve customer relationships.
35756	The average electronic exchange volume across the transaction types.
35757	Count of the implemented transaction types.
35758	The level of integration between each transaction type of the technology cluster and internal systems of specified subunits.
35759	The level of integration among the internal systems of specified subunits.
35763	The number of full-time equivalent professional employees.
35767	The number of full-time equivalent administrative employees.
35768	Percentage of claims in error.
35769	The average number of days to process a claim.
35770	Annual premium income in millions of dollars.
35779	Whether or not the firm uses a high-level team of representatives from multiple divisions or functions who are entrusted with the task of linking information technology strategy with business strategy by setting a strategic direction  matching corporate concerns with technological potential  and building commitment to policies.
35784	Type of steering committee primarily involved in guiding and approving information systems strategy  giving business direction to information technology activities  and prioritizing information technology activities.
35788	Type of steering committee primarily involved in implementing information technology strategy and technology policies across the business and creating policies and procedures associated with information technology planning  control  organization  and architectural delivery.
35789	Type of steering committee primarily involved in formulating information technology departmental strategy  planning  controlling  and managing the activities of information technology units  and ensuring that information technology is run as a business.
35790	The extent to which information technology aligns the information system plans with the firms’ business plans  and extends the infusion and diffusion of information technology within firms.
35791	The extent to which the firm gains confidence in managing their information technology (IT) resources  strives to balance  the short-term and long-term implications of IT investment decisions  and establishes  mechanisms to permit key line managers to exercise controls over budgeting  priority  setting  and resource planning for the information systems (IS) function.
35792	The extent to which the information technology (IT) department is  likely to be much flatter  with specialized subunits organized around technologies  and business needs  responding better to changing user needs and leveraging IT investment  more effectively.
35793	The extent to which the firm institutionalizes a formal top-down planning process for linking information systems  strategy to business needs  transfer the technology to a wider spectrum of applications   and contribute to a high degree of technology integration for better exploitation  of information technology (IT) within the firm.
35847	The extent to which the chief information officer is responsible for corporate-wide information technology; planning  management  and acquisitions.
35848	The extent to which the company has an inclusive information systems/technology planning process that reflects business goals  encompasses both central and distributed technologies  involves end users  and features a mechanism for assessing the potential of new technologies.
35849	The extent to which the company has a comprehensive security program that includes access control and data security  a security awareness effort  and a disaster recovery plan.
35850	The extent to which the company has a comprehensive and integrated approach to information technologies  including computing  telecommunications  and office automation.
35851	The extent to which the company has committees that deal with systems and technology issues and include both senior management and users.
35852	The extent to which the company has an approach featuring documented business processes  a development methodology  inventories of facilities and information  corporate-wide technology standards  and the use of automated development tools.
35853	The extent to which the company has integrated data and applications system  with data shared between users.
35854	The extent to which the company has a function headed by a database administrator and based on a corporate data architecture  which utilizes a data dictionary and features policies on data ownership.
35855	The extent to which respondents encountered problems related to management's active understanding and support for reengineering.
35881	The extent to which respondents encountered problems with the technical infrastructure and expertise within the organization.
35882	The extent to which respondents encountered problems with identification of appropriate parameters for the process involved.
35883	The extent to which respondents encountered problems with issues such as strategic vision and the identification of candidate processes based on corporate strategy.
35884	The extent to which respondents encountered problems with planning  setting up the team  and other  preparation for the reengineering project.
35885	The extent to which respondents encountered problems with specific tasks pertaining to people within the project domain itself.
35886	The extent to which respondents encountered problems due to failure to manage change from the old process to the new process.
35887	The extent to which respondents encountered problems with the actual conduct of the project.
35888	The extent to which respondents encountered time frame problems.
35889	The extent to which planned performance goals have been realized.
35890	The planned level of cost reduction (before reengineering)  and the actual level of reduction achieved (after reengineering).
35891	The planned level of cycle-time reduction (before reengineering)  and the actual level of reduction achieved (after reengineering).
35892	The planned level of customer satisfaction  improvement (before reengineering)  and the actual level of improvement achieved (after reengineering).
35893	The planned level of production improvement (before reengineering)  and the actual level of improvement achieved (after reengineering).
35894	The planned level of defects reduction (before reengineering)  and the actual level of reduction achieved (after reengineering).
36016	The importance of the task being supported/performed by the expert system.
36017	The degree to which an individual problem solver can follow a formal and well-defined search procedure to solve a problem.
36018	The number of variables and the depth/width of the problem addressed by the expert system.
36019	The number and variety of ways in which the output variables in the problem relate to input variables  and how well these relationships are understood by expert system developers and users.
36020	The degree to which input variables are related with each other.
36021	The level of education and experience domain experts are required to have to effectively solve problems in a specific domain.
36022	The degree to which input values are unknown.
36023	The frequency with which domain knowledge changes over time.
36024	The amount of people’s time and effort necessary to solve the problem.
36025	The extent to which the problem is programmable.
36026	Developers' people  organizational  modeling  systems  society and computer skills.
36027	Developers' communications and interpersonal skills.
36028	Developers' ability to formulate and solve models of the operation research type.
36029	Developers' ability to view and define a situation as a system - specifying components  scopes  and functions.
36030	Developers' knowledge of hardware/software  programming languages  and expert system techniques.
36031	Developers' knowledge of the functional areas of an organization and organizational conditions.
36032	Developers' ability to perceive and describe the impact of an expert system on a particular part of society.
36033	Education level  work experience  communications skills  cooperation  availability  and computer background of the domain expert.
36034	Characteristics affecting management information systems (MIS) impact on users’ jobs  including user attitude  user expectation  user education  user training  and user resistance.
36035	User satisfaction with expert system friendliness and the quality of expert system output.
36036	The quality of an expert system shell that provides a knowledge-base editor  a debugging aid  an explanation facility  and other useful supporting facilities.
36037	The variety of knowledge representation methods available for building a knowledge base (such as rules  frames  and hybrid methods) and of reasoning methods used for inferring new knowledge (such as forward and backward chaining).
36038	Quality of supporting tools for knowledge engineers  including knowledge-base editors  debugging aids  rule induction  and so forth.
36039	Quality of input/output facilities and explanation mechanisms.
36040	The extent that the shell provides connections with other systems such as text editors  databases  or programming languages.
36041	The ease of transferring an expert system from one hardware to another.
36042	The extent that the shell is easy to use.
36043	The extent that the shell is easy to learn.
36044	The availability of self-paced tutorial programs and training sections  and the extent of vendors’ assistance.
36045	The reasoning speed of the inference engine.
36046	The overall fit of a shell to the expert system task at hand.
36047	Initiating the project  establishing the objective of the project  determining user requirements  accessing ways to meet user requirements  identifying the sources of data/information  outlining the information flow  developing the input forms/screens  developing the output forms/screens  and determining the system availability/access.
36048	Management understanding of expert system potential benefits  encouragement by management to use expert systems in the job  providing the necessary help and resources for effective use of expert systems  and management interest in having employees satisfied with expert system technology.
36049	The frequency of expert system usage.
36050	The extent to which expert systems improve user productivity by providing problem-solving expertise on specific problem areas (domains).
36051	Expert systems (ES) impact on importance of the user's job.
36052	Expert systems (ES) impact on the amount of work required on job.
36053	Expert systems (ES) impact on the accuracy demanded on the job.
36054	Expert systems (ES) impact on the skills needed to do the job.
36055	Expert systems (ES) impact on job appeal.
36056	Expert systems (ES) impact on feedback on job performance.
36057	Expert systems (ES) impact on freedom in how to do the job.
36058	Expert systems (ES) impact on opportunities for advancement.
36059	Expert systems (ES) impact on job security.
36061	Expert systems (ES) impact on the relationship with other employees.
36064	Expert systems (ES) impact on job satisfaction.
36076	Expert system shell constructed with ESE.
36080	Expert system based on various shells and languages other than ESE.
36097	Responsibilities and duties of executive information systems professionals.
36098	The working relationship between executives and executive information systems professionals during the executive information systems development.
36099	Executive involvement with the executive information systems development process.
36101	Capabilities necessary for an executive information system to provide efficient and effective information delivery to executive users.
36102	The attributes of the information provided by the executive information systems.
36103	Possible impacts that an executive information system might or should have on an executive's work.
36104	The various functions that the executive information system provides to executive users.
36105	Executive information system capabilities that make such systems very easy to use.
36116	The use of internal departmental or interdisciplinary teams to conduct computer integrated manufacturing implementation.
36117	A concerted effort to deploy computer integrated manufacturing over a wide range of production management functions.
36118	An implementation that is conducted piecemeal or as a coordinated set of projects.
36119	A fragmented type of deployment.
36121	The computer integrated manufacturing implementations were motivated by a need for operational improvement.
36122	Degree of automation within the facility.
36123	The number of distinct computer integrated manufacturing technologies that the facility uses.
36124	The number of production management functions that are supported by the computer integrated manufacturing system.
36127	The size of the plant relative to others in the industry.
36146	The amount of computer training the respondent had received from five sources:  college or university  hardware or software vendors  consultants  company training programs  and tutorials.
36153	A judgement of one's ability to competently use a computer.
36154	Ease of use of executive support system.
36155	Reliability  precision  accuracy  timeliness  comprehensiveness and conciseness of executive support system.
36156	The measures that relate the quality of the information to its specific user (i.e.  usefulness. relevance  importance  meaningfulness   value).
36157	The ability to perform analyses on the data resident in the executive support system.
36158	The impact of the executive support system (ESS) on understanding the business  the usefulness of the ESS for staying close to the business  and the ESS's usefulness for increasing focus.
36164	How useful the executive support system (ESS) was for improving insights and creativity and the ESS's usefulness for testing assumptions about  the business.
36166	The usefulness of the executive support system (ESS) for keeping up with the competition and for surpassing the competition.
36176	The quality of having sufficient computer-based information system-related skills to accomplish assigned tasks.
36177	The willingness of an individual or a group to utilize information systems.
36178	The amount of effort expended by users interacting with information systems.
36179	The extent to which users believe the system meets their information requirements.
36180	A pleasurable or positive emotional state resulting from the appraisal of one's job or job experiences.
36332	The members of the work group physically meet to discuss issues  report progress  or finalize agreements.
36333	Work group members need to work with each other in real time when they are not physically at the same location.
36334	Communication and work coordination activities that are necessary for planning future meetings and following through with tasks after the conclusion of meetings.
36335	Traditional single-user computer tools that are at least familiar to most potential end users (such as presentation support  database retrieval  spreadsheets/DSS  and message sending (e-mail)).
36336	Newer multiuser computer tools designed specifically to support group functions (including  brainstorming software  group authoring and outlining software  alternative rating and ranking software  and consensus building software).
36338	Whether the organization has members in multiple locations.
36340	Whether the meetings have a written agenda.
36341	The number of meetings per month.
36342	The number of phone calls per month.
36343	The number of memos per month.
36344	The overall perceived usefulness of the computer support.
36345	The perceived usefulness of specific tools used during the meeting.
36346	Services  manufacturing  finance  insurance or real estate  or other.
36347	Accounting  finance  or planning; information systems; marketing  sales  or operations; production  manufacturing  or engineering; services or research education; upper management  administration  or human resources.
36349	Director  vice president  chief information officer  group leader  manager  department head  supervisor  engineer  scientist  analyst  consultant  programmer  technician  sales  service  educator  clerical  or other.
36350	Whether the respondent had a bachelor's degree or beyond.
39829	Participants were in a traditional classroom setting.
39830	Participants were in a text-based virtual learning environment.
39831	Participants were in a virtual learning environment (Second Life).
39833	Participants were given a crossword puzzle of course-related concepts to complete as a group.
39834	Participants were given a set of five review questions related to the course topic that needed to be completed and submitted by the team.
39835	A psychological state in which an individual’s attention is completely focused on a particular task.
39836	Participant's feelings of group participation and belonging associated with multiple users of a virtual environment.
39837	The participant's perceived levels of presence during each collaborative task.
39840	The group's correctness and time used on each task.
39842	Participants experienced brainstorming for the task in a traditional setting.
39843	Participants experienced brainstorming for the task in a setting with a group support system (VisionQuest).
39844	The total number of elements that appeared in the group-generated list.
39845	The number of unique elements generated by the group.
39846	Proportion of elements were  from the pregroup collective pool of elements  actually shared with the group.
39847	The number of elements that appeared in the group-generated list that were not identified previously in the pregroup collective pool of elements.
39848	How comfortable the participant felt about suggesting or sharing ideas with their group.
39849	How worried the participant felt about other group member’s feeling toward them with their group.
39850	How comfortable the participant felt about discussing sensitive issues with their group.
39851	How comfortable the participant felt about expressing strong feelings toward others with their group.
39852	How comfortable the participant felt about expressing negative feelings toward others with their group.
39866	Information technology spending for the most recent year: sales per information technology dollar  income per information technology dollar  and market share per rate of information technology investment.
39869	Executives’ perceptions of the effect of information technology on profit margin.
39870	Executives’ perceptions of the effect of information technology on market share.
39871	Executives’ perceptions of the effect of information technology on labor costs as a percentage of sales
39872	Executives’ perceptions of the effect of information technology on selling  general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales.
39880	Income as a percentage of sales.
39881	Firm sales as a percentage of industry sales.
39883	Selling  general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales.
39885	IT spending as a percent of sales (expressed as a deviation from an industry average).
39886	Sales of the five largest competitors in the same industry based on four-digit Standard Industrial Classification codes.
39887	Profits of the five largest competitors in the same industry based on four-digit Standard Industrial Classification codes.
39893	Perceptual firm-level measures of IT impacts.
39894	Sales per employee.
39970	Whether the company used a process in which top management participates actively and uses formal planning methodologies and focuses on long-term goals.
39971	Whether the company uses a process that is characterized by a high level of information systems influence and is also highly influenced by top management. It involves a high level of politics and low level of planning.
39972	Whether the company uses a process that  encounters considerable incrementalism and internal influence  and has low levels of planning and top-management influence but a high level of politics.
39973	Whether the company uses a process that involves little planning and top-management influence and is characterized by little incrementalism and internal influence.
39974	Whether the company uses a process that  encounters high levels of politics  internal influence  and top management influence but a low level of information systems influence.
39975	The extent to which the system contributed to the organization's performance relative to its competitors in terms of market share.
39976	The extent to which the system contributed to the organization's performance relative to its competitors in terms of return on investment.
39977	The difficulty a competitor would be expected to have in copying the system.
39978	The duration for which the organization may be expected to have an advantage over its competitors due to the system.
39988	The system's degree of innovativeness.
39992	How much the decision was initiated on a purely voluntary basis to improve an already secure situation.
40007	The extent to which the strategic information systems application was focused on the development of efficient and effective organization structures and processes.
40009	The extent to which the strategic information systems application was focused on the moves within the industry in which the organization does business.
40010	The extent to which the strategic information systems application was focused on the choice of which industries to compete in  and how to position the organization in those industries.
40013	The unpredictability and rate of change in external factors.
40014	The number and diversity of external factors.
40015	The threat posed by such elements of the environment as tough competition and dwindling markets.
40016	The extent to which the right to make decisions is concentrated in the hands of a few individuals.
40017	The degree to which the organization uses rules and procedures to prescribe behavior.
40018	Annual sales of the organization.
40019	The attention top management devotes to information systems matters and the involvement of senior information systems executives in the company's strategic planning process.
40020	The use of information  reflective thought  and deliberation to address the decision problem and arrive at the array of proposed solutions.
40021	The extent to which the decision makers look into the future and use formal planning methodologies.
40022	The extent to which the process was interrupted due to the following reasons: recycling or reconsideration of issues already gone over  waiting to ensure the availability of necessary resources  problem solving or awaiting the investigation of what was not understood  awaiting the obtaining or analyzing of data  waiting for opportune time  and sequencing or awaiting priority in the order of attention; and the duration of the process.
40023	Decisions as outcomes of political and social processes in groups with diverse interests and unequal power.
40024	The influence of the external forces with external power bases  such as customers and suppliers  and also the internal departments such as marketing and research and development whose power bases  due to their boundary-spanning roles  are primarily external.
40025	Influence directed from within the organization that may be exerted either by departments with internal power bases  such as finance and production  or by an external force with a primarily internal power base  such as auditors and consultants.
40026	Top management’s role in strategic decision making concerning strategic information systems use.
40027	The information systems department's influence on the initiation of the decision  the identification of alternatives  and the final decision.
40056	The extent of training on microcomputers the respondents had received from four sources: college courses  vendor training  in-house training  and self-training.
40062	The extent of the respondents’ experience in using five different generic types of computer software and computer languages  and in developing computerized information systems.
40066	Functionality  equipment performance  interaction  environment  and the quality of the user interface.
40090	Top management encouragement and allocation of resources.
40098	The availability of system development assistance  specialized instruction  and guidance in using microcomputer applications.
40103	The prospective user's subjective probability that using a specific application system will increase his or her job performance within an organizational context.
40104	The degree to which prospective users expect the computer system to be free of effort.
40105	The perceived amount of time spent on the microcomputer per day.
40107	Number of software packages used by participants and number of business tasks the system is used for.
40112	The positive emotional response sometimes associated with goal attainment.
40200	Team members' concerns and assessments about the factors influencing performance within the team: active and latent knowledge.
40387	Whether the project is on time and on budget.
40388	The extent to which the software system meets the actual needs of the intended users.
40389	Avoidance of rework during product development.
40391	New development or maintenance.
40392	Military or non-military.
40393	Frequent failures in project planning such as unrealistic plans including schedules and budgets  and failure to identify and manage project risks.
40394	The extent to which team members were trained on technical material  project management  communication skills  and other topics.
40395	The management of the project's scope  schedule  staffing  and other resources.
40396	The extent of user contact  which enables the developers to verify details of the requirements  to discuss trade-offs in design alternatives  to get feedback on the work in progress  and to learn as early as possible of changes in requirements affecting the project.
40397	Structured meetings in which a particular work product is examined in detail by a team of peers.
40398	The extent to which building prototypes of key modules is promoted as a means of verifying the user requirements and the technical feasibility of complex modules.
40399	The presence of expertise during the project phases when it was most likely to be absent.
43874	The level of process maturity of the vendor.
43875	Human images were presented with facial features.
43876	Human images were presented with no facial features.
43877	No human images were presented.
43878	The company's performance evaluation of manager performance.
43927	The users’ perceived overall satisfaction with the system.
43928	An indicator of improved decision-making or decision-making satisfaction.
43929	The length of time (in months) the user had been using the system.
43943	Whether the individual was classified into the major group of clerical-operations based on their hierarchical level  area of work  job title  and pay.
43944	Whether the individual was classified into the major group of technical-professional based on their hierarchical level  area of work  job title  and pay.
43945	Whether the individual was classified into the major group of managerial based on their hierarchical level  area of work  job title  and pay.
43946	Whether the individual was classified as IS based on their hierarchical level  area of work  job title  and pay.
43947	Whether the individual was classified as non-IS based on their hierarchical level  area of work  job title  and pay.
43989	The manager’s indication of his/her preference for personal information in the situation.
43990	The manager’s indication of his/her preference for interactive information in the situation.
43991	The manager’s indication of his/her preference for report information in the situation.
43992	The manager’s indication of his/her preference for analytical information in the situation.
43993	Whether the manager is in the stage of decision making in which they explore various ways to stipulate the problem or issue to be addressed and define objectives.
43994	Whether the manager is in the stage of decision making in which they create a structure which allows them to focus inquiry by identifying an area of action and selecting options relevant to priority issues.
43995	Whether the manager is in the stage of decision making in which potentially useful courses of action are shaped and fine tuned.
43996	Whether the manager in is in the stage of decision making in which they use evaluation to select a course of action or to compare a proposed action with current practices.
43998	Whether the manager is in the stage of decision making in which information is solicited to determine how the choice can be implemented.
44000	Whether the situation calls for decision making in situations that the executive has faced before.
44001	Whether the situation calls for decision making in new or unique situations.
44005	Sensation-thinking  sensation-feeling  intuition-thinking  or intuition-feeling.
44008	Risk preference in work and personal situations.
44015	Time in the industry.
44016	Accounting  general business  or content specialist.
44028	Before implementation of the patient care system or after implementation of the patient care system.
44033	Which of the systems (the main frame computer  personal computers  word processing  electronic mail  and teleconferencing) were currently being used in participants’ company or organization.
44034	Which of the systems (the main frame computer  personal computers  word processing  electronic mail  and teleconferencing) were currently being used in participants’ own department.
44035	How often participants indicated they used each system in their own department.
44036	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on importance of the job.
44038	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on the amount of work required on the job.
44039	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on the accuracy demanded by the job.
44040	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on the skill needed on the job.
44041	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on how interesting the work was.
44042	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on knowledge of performance on the job.
44043	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on responsibility for the results of work.
44045	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on freedom in how to do the job.
44052	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on supervision received on the job.
44055	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on opportunity for advancement.
44060	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on job security.
44063	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on relationships with fellow employees.
44065	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on personal effectiveness.
44066	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on the department’s effectiveness.
44068	Participants’ perceptions of whether automation had increased  decreased  or had no effect on the organization’s effectiveness.
44157	The perceived importance of the abilities to program  use application development software  use packaged application software  use office automation software  build models  access data  handle data communications  use hardware  utilize graphics techniques  use operating system  understand and interpret output as it affected an end user’s propensity to use IS products and technologies.
44159	The extent to which the computer is utilized in each of the six phases of decision making (from identification of a problem/opportunity through the actual implementation of a selected course of action).
44192	Average end user satisfaction for all factors.
44193	The average importance of all factors.
44273	Whether the application was microcomputer or mainframe.
44274	Other (word processing)  monitor application  exception application  inquiry application  or analysis application.
44276	Computer report use by the chief executive.
44277	The impact of computer applications in the view of top management.
44278	Percentage of applications developed externally.
44280	Chief executive exposure to computers and chief executive formal computer training.
44281	Chief executive interaction with D.P. manager.
44282	Number of computer-related complaints.
44285	Overall computer training for employees.
44286	On site versus service bureau.
44306	Economic or not-for-profit.
44310	Irregular or regular.
44373	Whether a consistent treatment such that inputs and interactions concerning the CBIS across the work context would enhance users' sense of personal control by increasing predictability  choice  and responsibility was given.
44375	Whether a treatment to enhance users' sense of personal control by increasing predictability  choice  and responsibility was not given.
44393	Degree of fulfillment or content in job.
44399	Technical competence of the implementation staff.
44400	Payroll/personnel knowledge of the implementation staff.
44401	The implementation team’s relationship with the staff of their agency.
44402	Attitude of the implementation staff.
44403	Concern for users of the implementation staff.
44404	The manner in which the computer system was introduced into their agency by the implementation staff.
44405	Participants' self-prediction of their future use of Chart-Master and Pendraw.
44406	Participants' self-report of their degree of current usage of electronic mail and XEDIT.
44439	Whether the respondent is a technical specialist involved with systems development who has prior experience working with users.
44441	Whether the respondent is a consumer of computer information systems who has previous experience working with systems analysts on at least one user-initiated systems development project.
44460	Subjects were given fifteen ideas to organize in ten minutes.
44461	Subjects were given forty ideas to organize in ten minutes.
44463	The tool in the  No Regulator  condition was self-paced. The ideas were presented as one double-spaced list of ideas. Subjects were told they could use cursor keys and pagedown and page-up keys to move through the list at random. They were given ten minutes to organize the entire list.
44464	The tool in the  Regulator  condition was facilitator-paced and consisted of a list of ideas divided into batches of five ideas at a time  which could be viewed by pressing the page-down key. This number of ideas seemed to be a reasonable  chunk  and was visually able to fit on the screen. Within a ten-minute period  subjects were given 100 seconds per batch in the low-load condition  and 75 seconds per batch in the high-load condition. At the end of each batch period  they were told to press the page-down key and to work on the next batch of ideas. They were allowed to move back to a previous screen  but at no time could they move down to a new screen unless told to do so.
44480	Consumer's trust in online shopping.
44595	Participant's rating of the ease of use of the technology.
44596	Participant's rating of the usefulness of the technology.
44597	How many hours respondents reported using the technology in the past week.
44598	The number of messages respondents had sent and received on the previous working day  as well as the number they sent and received on a typical working day.
44600	Email  voicemail  WordPerfect  Lotus 1-2-3  or Harvard Graphics.
44670	The participant’s perceived importance of colocation of systems development units.
44671	The participant’s perceived importance of information systems heads of systems development units.
44672	The participant’s perceived importance of colocation of information systems directors.
44673	The participant’s perceived importance of steering committees at division level.
44674	The participant’s perceived importance of business training/development opportunities.
44675	The participant’s perceived importance of technical training/development opportunities.
44676	The participant’s perceived importance of information systems director networking at seminars.
44677	The participant’s perceived importance of annual customer survey.
44678	The participant’s perceived importance of standard-setting for personal computers and local area networks.
44679	The participant’s perceived importance of temporary job assignments in division.
44680	The participant’s perceived importance of annual information systems strategic planning.
44681	The participant’s perceived importance of equipment leasing contracts.
44682	The participant’s perceived importance of information systems career moves to division.
44683	The participant’s perceived importance of ranking of information systems personnel.
44684	The participant’s perceived importance of review of personal computer requests.
44685	The participant’s perceived importance of e-mail system linking information systems managers
44686	The participant’s perceived importance of corporate-wide information systems performance awards.
44687	The participant’s perceived importance of information technology demos for corporate management.
44688	The participant’s perceived importance of corporate-wide information systems job listing.
44689	The participant’s perceived importance of quarterly information system director meetings.
44690	The participant’s perceived importance of triannual information system operating reviews.
44691	The participant’s perceived importance of technology conferences.
44692	The participant’s perceived importance of review of information technology acquisitions.
44693	The participant’s perceived importance of director-level positions for decentralized information system units.
44694	The participant’s perceived importance of dotted-line report to chief information officer.
44695	The participant’s perceived importance of weekly chief information officer staff meetings.
44696	The participant’s perceived importance of biweekly systems personnel committee meetings.
44697	The participant’s perceived importance of strong informal networks due to rotation.
44698	The participant’s perceived importance of standard-setting - methodology.
44699	The participant’s perceived importance of training/development sponsored by corporate information systems.
44700	The participant’s perceived importance of cross-functional moves.
44701	The participant’s perceived importance of standard-setting - acquisitions.
44702	The participant’s perceived importance of training/development sponsored by divisions.
44703	The participant’s perceived importance of cross-unit sources for performance.
44704	The participant’s perceived importance of data administration position.
44705	The participant’s perceived importance of advisory committee of senior executives.
44706	The participant’s perceived importance of global information systems planning position.
44707	The participant’s perceived importance of e-mail system linking information systems managers.
44708	The participant’s perceived importance of training/development sponsored by human resources.
44709	The participant’s perceived importance of  frequent job rotations.
45269	Subjects were in a “decision room” setting.
45270	Subjects were in separate offices and could not see each other but were linked by an audio-conferencing facility.
45271	The group received computer support.
45272	The group did not receive computer support.
45275	The ability of a medium to allow group members to feel the actual presence of a communicator.
45278	The actions required by the medium of the participants to activate a communication channel in order to exchange information with the group.
45301	Number of production employees.
45302	The degree to which organizational processes are systematized and formalized through rules  procedures  and management practices (formalization).
45303	The organization's investment in computer hardware and software (acquisition and development costs).
45304	The length of the enterprise's strategic decision cycle.
45305	Information systems growth stage (initiation or contagion) based on the number of administrative applications in their portfolio  the size of their staff  and the location of the individual responsible for the information systems function.
45307	Average number of report consultations per month.
45308	Average number of system accesses per month.
45309	The participant was told “The key to their [IS department] success lies in well-planned systems that involve the people who will be using the system. John Williams [vice president of information] realizes that it Is the users who 'own' the system  and that the ISD [Information Services Department] is merely responsible for addressing and servicing their needs. Therefore  in any endeavor  the user is the 'boss ' The user defines the needs  for the system and has control over what goes into it  how it works  and what comes out in the form  of information and reports. . .   At each step of the way  it was Joe's [user representative] responsibility  tc 'sign off' that phase of the project as it met the requirements of the regional sales managers He  was definitely in control of the project at all times and had authority over continuation to the next phase.
45310	The participant was told “John Williams [vice president of information] believes that the key to success in information systems lies in well-planned systems that Involve the people who will be using the system. He realized that it is beneficial to consult the eventual users for their advice in developing the information system..   . [U]sers are asked to define their needs and the system developers are encouraged to attempt to meet these needs. Since the eventual users of an information system are now consulted as to their needs since  John has been vice president  they are gradually becoming familiar with the systems development process.    . . The users of the information systems feel  though  that if they had more control of the development  process itself with more authority over the information system  that even better information systems  would be possible    .   Gloria [a systems analyst] talked to Joe at length about his suggestions for the  information system. She made no promises but said the ISD would do all they could to accommodate  the regional sales managers' requests. Several other times over the next few months while the information  system was being developed  Gloria would call Joe about specific advice on things like the types  of graphs they would like  the format of the tables  etc.  . .he [Joe] did feel like he at least had had  some input even if he didn't have the 'last word' on the information system development process.
45311	The participant was told “ The success rate of the ISD has been poor when attempting to implement new technology or new systems. One of the reasons for this is that the users of the information system being developed are seldom contacted as to what their needs might be. Whenever a new information system is being  developed  a 'user representative' is appointed to assist on the project  but most of these 'representatives'  have found that rarely are their. .   suggestions attended to by the system developers. Joe  submitted a report to Gloria of the requirements of the regional sales managers for this information system  He received a polite letter of thanks and did not hear another thing about the information system until  [SIX months later]. At that time  Gloria felt that the information system was ready to be installed. She  called Joe to take a look at it  Joe was disappointed with what he saw.. It seemed as if Gloria had ignored  a good number of the suggestions made by the regional sales managers as far as their needs for such  a system.
45313	Whether a participant believed his or her privacy had been previously invaded.
45314	How much they had heard or read during the past year about the use and potential misuse of computerized information about consumers.
45315	Apart from class  how much they had heard or read during the past year.
45316	Whether or not an individual supplied a response to a question asking for an example of a real or hypothetical situation involving personal information that they believe violates their privacy.
45317	Whether or not an individual supplied a response to a question that asked them to list types of personal information that “one company should never share with another company unless you have given them your written permission.”
45356	End-user evaluation of the components of the class and the instructor of the training program.
45357	The effectiveness of systems developed by end users including time savings  productivity increases  and money savings.
45358	The use and application of end-user computing concepts in the work environment.
45359	End-user evaluation of reliability  timeliness  completeness  accuracy  availability  usefulness  and overall quality of systems.
45360	Participants were asked about all systems in the evaluation.
45361	Participants were asked about only those systems evaluated by both their user(s) and by supervisors of the users.
45374	The extent to which the project was characterized by formal  explicit  stages of development.
45375	The extent to which an approach was used that iteratively converges on a solution by starting with a small  specific part of the application.
45376	Which of three scenarios (Transaction Processing System  Information Reporting System  or Decision Support System) most closely described the type of system the respondent helped develop.
45377	How well the information system provides support for the user's job or task.
45379	How satisfied users are with the information provided by the system and with the presentation of that information.
45380	Report-4GL environment (users of Ramis  Focus  and Nomad in environments that were primarily directed toward report generation from databases) or Bench-4GL environment (users of fourth-generation languages that had greater sophistication).
45437	The importance of employee development  motivation and retention to strategy.
45438	The emphasis placed on specialized products  product innovations  and the development of new services.
45439	The strategic importance of adopting and utilizing new and innovative technologies.
45440	The emphasis placed on building and maintaining a high market share.
45441	The emphasis placed on trimming costs and offering services to the customer at low prices.
45442	The extent to which efforts are focused on a particular  high margin  market segment.
45443	The number of products currently offered relative to competitors.
45444	Whether the organization has automated teller machines at bank locations  automated teller machines at nonbank locations  and home banking by personal computer.
45445	Whether the organization has transactions processing  personal computers for managers  decision support systems  and online management report.
45446	The average annual rate of return on assets over the last three-year period.
45451	Expectations of physical facilities  equipment  and appearance of personnel.
45452	Expectations of ability to perform the promised service dependably and accurately.
45455	Expectations of willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
45456	Expectations of knowledge and courtesy of employees and their ability to inspire trust and confidence.
45457	Expectations of caring  individualized attention the service provider gives its customers.
45458	Involved 20 distant teams (600 miles apart).
45459	Five teams of two dyads from the same university were physically separated during the learning sessions  but had opportunities for face-to-face interactions outside the learning sessions.
45460	Five teams of two dyads from the same university collaborated face-to-face.
45461	The concepts  principles  issues  and facts presented in a learning situation; change in students’ pre to postsession scores on multiple-choice quizzes.
45462	Questions went beyond declarative knowledge acquisition and involved analysis  synthesis  reasoning  interpretation  and induction  thus tapping students’ higher-order learning.
45465	Desire to remain a group member  liking the group  and looking forward to coming to the group.
45466	A desire to drop out of the group  dreading to come to the group  a desire to end the group  and being dissatisfied with the group.
45490	Participants were in a group that used a system that resembles an electronic conversation.
45491	Participants were in a group that used the Electronic Brainstorming Tool  Issue Analyzer  and voting in sequence.
45492	The average satisfaction with the process across group members.
45493	Comparison of each group's final decision to solutions considered optimum by the group of experts.
45494	The number of unique alternatives generated by the group.
45495	Whether all of the group members agreed on a single solution to the problem  as reflected in the group's voting.
45538	Lack of analyzable search behavior.
45539	Interdependence with other organizational units.
45540	Perceived impact of computer systems and services on respondents’ effectiveness  productivity  and performance in their job.
45544	Administrative/clerical staff  manager/assistant director  director/assistant superintendent  supervisor/assistant manager  analyst/technical  trainmaster/roadmaster  professional  or superintendent/VP and up.
45545	The extent to which the information systems have been integrated into each individual's work routine  whether by individual choice or by organizational mandate.
45547	The participant was in a group that consisted of five geographically dispersed subjects and worked on the case for two weeks.
45548	The participant was in a group that consisted of five subjects who convened for approximately 45 minutes to one hour to discuss their case verbally.
45549	A count of shared clues among the group.
45550	The degree to which the decision or solution reflects a response to all dimensions of the problem.
45551	The group member's perception of the value of the problem-solving session in the progress made toward stated goals and objectives.
45552	Participant's perception of their freedom to contribute to the problem-solving session.
45554	Half the groups had group support system support.
45555	Half of the groups did not have group support system support.
45557	Experimenters presented a brief positive information handout and subjects also received a balanced information overhead presentation of the software system.
45558	Experimenters presented only a brief positive information handout.
45559	Subjects were provided with preperformance time to experiment with the software.
45560	Only the three hours of on-the-job performance time was allocated to create the presentations.
45589	Participants provided their own direction for learning the material.
45590	Participants had a daily one-hour lecture conducted by an experienced  highly rated instructor.
45591	Less than 20 years old; 20 or older  less than 25; 25 or older.
45592	12 years  13 years  14 years  15 years  greater than 15 years.
45594	Whether the participant had previous experience with information systems.
45595	Whether the participant had previous training with information systems.
45596	Percentage of late vendor payments by month.
45597	An individual's way of performing perceptual (input  filtration  and condensation of cues from the environment) and intellectual (analyzing and reaching a conclusion based on what is perceived) activities.
45598	Once the new expenditure cycle application was completed  subjects attended an orientation session whose purpose was to demonstrate the new application  explain the benefits of the new system  and listen to user comments.
45599	Small groups of clerical level accounting employees provided input into defining and designing report formats  screen layouts  input and output forms  and user procedure manuals.
45600	Accounting clerks were aware that MIS was developing a new expenditure cycle application  however they were not informed that some accounting clerks were participating during development or that other accounting clerks attended an orientation meeting.
45605	Participant's learning performance including concepts and language.
45606	Participant's performance on system fundamentals  functions of hardware  principles of data storage  data communications fundamentals  characteristics of various languages  coding schemes  and data security.
45607	Participant's performance on use of text editor and operating system  logic constructs  BASIC syntax  and program planning technique.
45661	Subjects were asked to evaluate the degree to which they felt that the information needed to evaluate the statements  as provided by the system  was equivocal. The statements were related to facts that were explicitly stated in the system.
45662	Subjects were asked to evaluate the degree to which they felt that the information needed to evaluate the statements  as provided by the system  was equivocal. The statements required subjects to make judgments about the personalities of the four researchers who were being interviewed.
45663	Half of the subjects were randomly assigned to use the text-based system first.
45664	Half of the subjects were randomly assigned to start with the video-based system.
45665	Group members were located in three separate rooms with a three-way conference call and computer application-sharing capability.
45668	Group members in three separate rooms were connected via desktop videoconferencing systems that provided full motion video  audio  and computer application-sharing.
45672	The importance of the responsibility for supervising  hiring  training  and motivating a cadre of specialized personnel.
45673	The importance of communicating with the external environment including exchanging information with information systems (IS) suppliers  customers  buyers  market analysts  and the media.
45674	The importance of scanning the external environment to keep up with technical changes and competition.
45675	The importance of activities that require the information systems (IS) manager to extend organizational contacts outside the department to other areas of the organization.
45676	The importance of identifying business needs and developing solutions that change business situations.
45677	The importance of the allocation of human  financial  and information resources.
45678	The maturity level of end users in terms of end users' involvement in information systems (IS) projects  information technology awareness  and their expertise and capabilities in information system development.
45679	The maturity level of overall information systems management including control mechanisms as well as strategic information systems use.
45680	The degree of centralization in physical information systems (IS) resources such as equipment  IS personnel  and the IS development capability.
45681	The location of responsibility and decision-making authority over information systems (IS) resources and service.
45730	Managerial  professional  or operating.
45731	Decision support  database  or transaction processing.
45733	Personal computer or mainframe/mini.
45734	Systems analyst  personally developed  or other end user.
45760	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to corrective action.
45761	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to a usage fee.
45762	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to a voting machine.
45763	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to a friendly gesture.
45764	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to electronic mail.
45766	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to an overdrawn account.
45767	The ethical scenario presented to the participant related to marketing data.
45805	Contract or permanent.
45808	Whether the respondent works at a transportation company  hospital  or government agency.
45955	The extent to which the individual needs to create something on their own by developing a new product or service  by building a new business enterprise through financial manipulation  or by starting and building a business of their own.
45956	The desire for secure ties with the organization.
45958	The extent to which the individual links themselves to a particular geographic area (putting down roots in the community and investing in a house and stable life-style).
45961	The extent to which the individual is dedicated to serve other people and to make the world a better place in which to live and work.
45962	The extent to which the individual wishes to supervise  influence  and lead others  and seeks promotions to general manager positions as a vehicle to achieve feelings of success.
45963	The extent to which the individual focuses on a primary interest in the intrinsic  technical content of the work  and the functional area represented by the work.
45964	The extent to which the individual seeks work situations in which they will be maximally free of organizational constraints and restrictions to pursue their professional competence.
45965	The individual's preference for overcoming impossible obstacles  solving unsolvable problems  and winning against extremely capable opponents.
45966	The extent to which the individual desires to develop a life-style that integrates family concerns  career concerns  and concerns for self-development.
45968	Satisfaction with the success achieved  progress achieved  rate of promotion  the pay level  and with the status that the respondent had achieved during their career.
45973	A self-reported list of business changes over the last three years that were implemented with the agreement of the respondent's supervisor.
45974	The typical number of weekly hours of hands-on use of information technology over the last six months.
45975	The average frequency of delegation of information technology (IT) tasks relative to hands-on use of information technology.
45976	The number of times over the last six months the respondent contacted people for assistance in information technology (IT) use or to discuss IT-related matters from people in the near environment  user group  information center  friends and relatives  etc.
45978	The number of years the respondent had worked for the division.
45980	The number of exceptions encountered in the work.
45981	Analyzability and predictability of tasks.
45982	The number of layers of managers between the respondent and the division executive officer.
45983	A self-reported list of computer changes over the last three years that were implemented with the agreement of the respondent's supervisor.
45984	The sum of the number of journals read  number of memberships in professional associations  and number of meetings attended in a typical year.
45985	The number of organizational units within the firm for whom the respondent had worked.
45986	Written reports and memos received  work related one-to-one discussion over telephone or face to face  and participation in internal meetings.
45988	The respondent's reliance on people outside his or her own organizational unit to obtain materials and information needed to do his or her job.
45989	A count of the number of nominations (for forwarding many ideas for change that were implemented) per manager.
46054	The number of hardware suppliers that are involved in the development of the system.
46055	The number of software suppliers that are involved in the development of the system.
46056	The number of people extemal to the organization that will be using this system.
46058	The project size relative to other information system projects developed in the organization.
46059	Whether the project team members are information system or data processing staff  outside consultants  users  or other.
46060	The number of employees in the organization that will be using the system.
46061	The total number of different hierarchical levels occupied by the employees who will be using this system.
46076	Technical complexity of the hardware  software and database.
46077	The number of existing information systems that will be linked to the system.
46078	The number of information systems currently under development that will be linked to the system.
46081	Intensity of conflicts between team members and users.
46167	Subjects' evaluation of the usefulness of the writing tools  usefulness of tools for future work  evaluation of training  extent that equipment diverted their own attention  extent that equipment diverted others' attention  and whether the group used the equipment to the best extent possible.
46170	Subjects' evaluation of quality of planning  quality of composing  quality of revising  and satisfaction with the document.
46172	Subjects' evaluation of overall efficiency of the group  productivity  satisfaction working in the group  and satisfaction with how the group worked together.
46174	Subjects' evaluation of the ease of understanding others' ideas  ease of getting their own ideas across  and comfort with challenging ideas.
46177	Subjects' evaluation of whether all members contributed significantly  satisfaction with their own contributed amount  and satisfaction with how their own ideas were incorporated.
46179	Subject's proficiency with computers  typing  and word processing  such as using a mouse  using a keyboard  using a Macintosh  and using Microsoft Word on the Macintosh.
46191	The well-coordinated groups executed many  if not all  of the following coordination activities: substantial high-level planning  reaching consensus about work processes  selecting particular work structures to follow  and communicating about and sharing individual efforts.
46193	Poorly coordinated groups engaged in well-coordinated activities to a lesser extent  if at all  and they experienced difficulties stemming from their insufficient planning  insufficient communication and sharing  and lack of consensus about work processes.
46203	User satisfaction with the quality of an expert system’s output.
46204	User satisfaction with the expert system ease of use  ease of learning  and the usefulness of the available documentation.
46205	Participant was in a group that used Electronic Brainstorming  an idea generation tool.
46206	Participant was in a group that used Idea Organization  an idea generation and consolidation tool.
46207	The quality  manner  content  and outcome of the discussion.
46208	Participants' perceptions of the efficiency  coordination  satisfaction  and effectiveness of the meeting process.
46209	Participants' feelings about using GroupSystems during the meeting.
46210	How well members of the group felt they had worked together.
46219	The degree to which an individual is willing to try out any new information technology.
46220	Beliefs that technology use will be relatively free of cognitive burden.
46221	Beliefs concerning instrumental outcomes associated with technology use.
46222	Group received manual support by way of flip charts  and paper and pencil.
46223	Group used GroupSystems tools issue identification (to generate ideas)  issue consolidation (to organize ideas)  and electronic voting.
46224	Integrative behavior attempts to identify and achieve outcomes that are mutually satisfying to both parties.
46225	Distributive behavior emphasizes the achievement of the outcomes of one party over those of the other.
46226	Failure to confront or attempt to resolve conflict.
46227	Issue-based conflict  which focuses on task-related issues  is very desirable as it surfaces issues and helps groups develop better solutions.
46228	Interpersonal conflict  targeted at persons within the group  detracts attention from the task and can be detrimental to group functioning.
46229	The occurrence of the following behaviors: exploration of alternatives  clarification of roles and procedures  use of voting  focus on personal relations  equal participation  reliance on written media  and expression of affect.
46289	Participants' perceived effectiveness of the meeting.
46297	The overall amount  frequency  and intensity of perceived interpersonal conflict.
46299	The extent to which information systems staff and users employed the problem-solving style of conflict management.
46314	The extent to which information systems staff and users employed the asserting style of conflict management.
46316	The extent to which information systems staff and users employed the avoiding style of conflict management.
46320	The extent to which information systems staff and users employed the compromising style of conflict management.
46321	The extent to which information systems staff and users employed the accommodating style of conflict management.
46322	Respondents’ indication of the extent to which conflicts were resolved.
46323	Respondents’ indications of the extent to which they felt satisfied with the project team and the system development process.
46324	Respondents’ indications of the extent to which they believed the system was reliable  adaptable  easy to understand and use  and provided precise  complete  and useful output.
46325	Respondents’ personal feelings regarding the system.
46348	How well participants perceived Electronic Brainstorming to fit the methodology step “Problems and issues”.
46349	How well participants perceived Idea Organizer to fit the methodology step “Critical success factors”.
46351	How well participants perceived Idea Organizer to fit the methodology step “Define high-level processes”.
46352	How well participants perceived Model Object Editor to fit the methodology step “Decompose processes”.
46353	How well participants perceived Enterprise Matrix to fit the methodology step “Define people and information flows”.
46355	How well participants perceived Topic Commenter to fit the methodology step “Soft and hard thinking”.
46356	How well participants perceived Idea Organizer to fit the methodology step “Select and filter ideas”.
46357	How well participants perceived Group Writer to fit the methodology step “Refine into proposals”.
46408	Whether the respondent was an information systems user or an information systems professional.
46410	Perceptions of the ability to perform the promised service dependably and accurately.
46411	Perceptions of the willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
46412	Perceptions of knowledge and courtesy.
46413	Perceptions of providing caring and individualized attention to customers.
46416	Frequency of use of Executive Information Systems (EIS) by the individual respondent.
46417	The length of time Executive information Systems (EIS) has been used by the individual respondent.
46418	The time elapsed between the first appearance of signs of a problem and their detection.
46419	The span of time beginning with problem identification and ending with choice.
46420	The extent that systematic methods of identifying problems  diagnosing problems  generating alternatives  and evaluating alternatives using computational techniques were used in the analytic decision process.
46458	The degree to which clear information is lacking regarding the expectations associated with a role  the methods of fulfilling known role expectations  and/or the consequences of role performance.
46459	Incongruity of the expectations associated with a role.
46460	Participant's satisfaction with the work itself.
46461	Participant's satisfaction with supervision at work.
46462	Participant's satisfaction with coworkers.
46465	The primary affective reactions of individuals to various facets of the job and to job experiences.
46466	The extent to which the individual identifies with organizational goals  is willing to exert effort on behalf of the organization  and intends to remain a member of the organization.
46469	The number of years an individual had been employed in his or her current organization.
46470	Completed high school  college graduate  master’s degree  or Ph.D.
46471	The individual's perceived likelihood that he or she will be staying or leaving the employer organization.
46474	Younger than 24 or older than 25.
46475	Whether the participant's mother completed high school or less  bachelor’s degree/some college or graduate degree/some graduate work.
46476	Whether the participant's father completed high school or less  bachelor’s degree/some college  or graduate degree/some graduate work.
46477	50 000 or less; 50 000-100 000; 100 001-500 000; 500 001-1 000 000; 1 000 001 or more.
46479	No doubts  few doubts  some/many/completely doubtful.
46484	Overall grade point average.
46493	Participant's desire for creative and challenging work.
46494	Participant's desire for work that provides task variety.
46495	Participant's desire for work that provides a sense of accomplishment.
46496	Participant's desire for work that provides a sense of autonomy.
46498	Participant's desire for work that provides a sense of completion.
46499	Participant's desire for work that provides security and stability.
46500	Participant's desire for work that has relaxed supervision.
46501	Participant's desire for work that provides opportunities for promotion within information systems (IS).
46502	The extent that participants describe themselves as punctual.
46504	The extent that participants describe themselves as capable of providing leadership resulting in goal attainment.
46505	The extent that participants describe themselves as intelligence.
46506	The extent that participants describe themselves as educated.
46507	The extent that participants describe themselves as industrious.
46508	The extent that participants describe themselves as persevering.
46511	The extent that participants describe themselves as cooperating with others to achieve a common goal or set of goals.
46512	The extent that participants describe themselves as enthusiastic.
46513	The extent that participants describe themselves as organized.
46515	The extent that participants describe themselves as insightful.
46517	The extent that participants describe themselves as independent.
46518	The extent that participants describe themselves as confident.
46614	The desirability of observed managerial behaviors of an individual responsible for supervising the work of others.
46615	Whether the work-unit environment is underdeveloped  moderate with task orientation  moderate with enhancements  or highly developed.
46616	Scoring of managerial behaviors was based on the conservative assumption that the mid-range categories (Moderate with Task Orientation and Moderate with Enhancements) are moderately effective methods of supervising.
46617	Scoring of managerial behaviors was based on the mixed conservative-liberal assumption that one of the mid-range categories  Moderate with Task Orientation  is not necessarily low in productivity  but that the other mid-range category  Moderate with Enhancements  is high in productivity.
46618	Scoring of managerial behaviors was based on the mixed liberal-conservative assumption that one of the mid-range categories  Moderate with Task Orientation  is low in productivity  while Moderate with Enhancements is not necessarily high in productivity.
46619	Scoring of managerial behaviors was based on the liberal assumption that the mid-range categories are related to productivity. That is  Moderate with Task Orientation is low in productivity while Moderate with Enhancements is high in productivity.
46841	The number of recruiting interviews the respondent had already experienced.
46842	The number of courses taken by a subject beyond a required information systems course.
46843	No prior work experience  some summer work experience  substantial summer work experience  some full-time work experience  or substantial full-time work experience.
46844	Participant's preference for abstract/concrete thinking.
46845	Participants began the procedure with a statement of organizational goals  rather than trying to unravel and make sense of the poorly understood activities reflected by the phenomenon under investigation.
46848	Participants began by identifying a set of critical success factors and then focused on describing requirements for the collection and reporting of information that provides measures for these factors.
46849	The number of distinct information items generated by a subject and the dimensionality of this set of items.
46964	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for applications development support.
46965	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for standards and guidelines and the extent to which they were being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46966	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for data provision support and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46967	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for operational support and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46968	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for purchasing-related support and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46971	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for a variety of supported software and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46978	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for postdevelopment support and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46981	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for backups/security support and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46982	The extent to which respondents perceived a need training on statistical analysis and the extent to which this training was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46983	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for hardware-related services and the extent to which these services were being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46984	The extent to which respondents perceived a need for support for developing macros and job control statements and the extent to which this support was being provided to them by the information centers (ICs).
46985	Whether the user is a nonprogramming end-user  command-level user  end-user programmer  functional support personnel  or other.
46988	The growth stage (initiation  expansion  formalization  or maturity) of the information center (IC).
47113	Prior experience on the utilization of personal computers.
47118	Individual's internalization of norms  roles  and values influencing personal computer (PC) use.
47122	Ease of personal computer use.
47124	Beliefs about how a personal computer will help for current job tasks.
47131	The extent that the user sees more opportunity for positive consequences of use  such as improved opportunities for more meaningful work  and improved opportunities for preferred future job assignments.
47135	Objective factors that make using a personal computer (PC) easy (or difficult) to do.
47139	Home and office use of personal computers (PCs) in minutes per day.
47144	Number of different software packages used.
47146	Number of different applications personal computers were used for.
47148	Whether the user uses a personal computer (PC) once or twice per month  once or twice per week  about once per day  or several times a day.
47291	How the intern compared to other interns  how the intern's project turned out  whether the mentor would hire the intern again as an intern  and whether the mentor would hire the intern permanently.
47293	The total number of messages sent from a particular sender to a particular receiver during that period.
47294	The extent that the respondent communicates about work projects  including discussing the project(s) they are working on  actually working together   exchanging project information  or checking up on the status of project-related activities.  discuss goals and procedures for accomplishing your project-related tasks
47295	How familiar the respondent is with what each person is working on.
47296	The individual-level network structural measure of betweenness centrality in each network.
47297	The average centrality for the network as a whole.
47298	The percent of present links relative to the maximum links possible.
47299	Location of individuals in multidimensional space.
47300	Network cliques of densely connected individuals.
47301	Mentor or intern.
47302	Newcomer or veteran.
47303	Time 1  Time 2 (halfway through the summer program)  and Time 3 (at the end).
47503	Whether the firm has a formal  written marketing plan.
47507	Whether the firm has a marketing information system (whether manual or computer based).
47508	Whether the firm has a company-wide computer information system (CIS).
47509	Whether the firm has a formal written computer information system (CIS) plan.
47510	If the firm has a computer information system plan  whether it is integrated with the marketing plans.
47511	Manager's satisfaction with marketing information system.
47540	The most important source of data and information as identified by the managers: the firm's data-processing subsystem that provides internal accounting data  marketing research  or marketing intelligence.
47659	Heterogeneity  dynamism  and hostility.
47660	Current year net sales for the firm.
47661	The concentration of decision-making activity.
47662	Clear work and well-documented procedures.
47667	Count of the number of technologies formally assessed for adoption.
47672	Count of the number of technologies adopted.
47677	The extent to which each technology was implemented through the organization.
48860	General browsing of data.
48861	Seeking answers to specific questions or well-defined problems.
48863	Whether the participant was from Finland  the Netherlands  or Singapore.
48864	The ratio of positive to total responses on the seller's feedback profile.
48865	The number of positive and negative ratings the actual seller received.
48866	Price premium was developed by subtracting the mean price from the final price of each product divided by its mean price.
48868	Importance of historical technology analysis in information technology investment decision making.
48869	Importance of evaluating current information technology landscape for information technology investment decision making.
48870	Importance of predicting future information technology landscape for information technology investment decision making.
48871	Effectiveness of existing methods and techniques for analyzing information technology landscape.
48872	Effectiveness of the proposed methodology for analyzing internet technology landscape.
48874	Technologies that are subunits or subsystems of other technologies in an IT ecosystem.
48875	Technologies that interact with a user in the given context of use and are built up from component technologies.
48876	Technologies that enable or work in conjunction with (or as a peripheral).
48877	A function of the frequency of all technology introductions over time is estimated.
48878	Based on the proportion of technologies of each role within the overall number of technology introductions  a threshold function is derived for each role.
48897	In verbal brainstorming  all members of a group come together in a single place to meet and generate ideas. These ideas are typically spoken aloud  and one member of the group is responsible for recording the ideas  sometimes on a white board or flip chart.
48898	In nominal brainstorming  the members of the group can either meet together or work from their own locations. Each member of the group writes down his/her ideas without communicating with the other group members and then sends them to one member of the group who is responsible for collecting and collating them.
48899	In electronic brainstorming  the members of the group can either meet in a single place or work from different places at a set time. The group uses a software package to type ideas into the computer. The ideas are posted to a common area which each group member can read. This allows everyone to see each individual’s ideas as they are created.
48900	The highest multiplicity-of-cues level was provided by  a condition in which subjects communicated through both video and audio channels. The subjects sat in  separate rooms and communicated via a 27-inch TV screen and audio system. A professional video camera was mounted on top of the TV to minimize the distance  between the camera and the screen (to better simulate eye contact). This system provided video and audio  quality similar to that of commercial television broadcasts.
48901	In the leanest level  subjects in separate rooms interacted via computer-mediated communication. An application called “Chat” connected the subjects.
48902	The audio-video/immediate feedback condition was implemented by permitting simultaneous (i.e.  synchronous or full-duplex) communication so that both subjects could send and receive auditory and visual messages at the same time.  In the CMC-immediate-feedback condition  an application called “Chat” connected the subjects. Chat used a two-window split screen for simultaneous communication (one window for each participant) so that every keystroke by either participant was immediately  displayed on both participants’ screens.
48903	Only one subject could transmit information at a time; no feedback to  the message sender from the recipient was possible during transmission.
48904	This task asked subjects to rank order from best to worst five students seeking admission to the university’s undergraduate business program. Each subject was presented with incomplete information so that she or he needed to pool the information to reach a decision. Several pieces of information had several interpretations that the subjects had to resolve  such as the relative merit of grade point average versus SAT scores  of extracurricular activities versus a part-time job  and so on.
48905	The lower equivocality task was a set of four questions  similar to those used on Scholastic Aptitude  Tests. The set included one each of a mathematical   geometric  physics  and logical reasoning question   each of which provided a clear framework for problem  resolution. Subjects received incomplete information  requiring them to share facts to form the complete information  necessary to complete correctly the task. For  example  one question read  “Find the equation of the  line passing through the points (1 2) and (5 6).” Each  subject received one of the two formulas necessary to  solve the problem.
48906	Decision time was measured by the number of minutes  required for the dyad to agree on the decision for  each task.
48907	Consensus change was measured by examining  changes in agreement among subjects’ pre- and post-discussion  individual choices. This was calculated as  the number of identical answers on individual post-discussion  decisions minus the number of identical answers  on individual pre-discussion decisions all divided  by the number of answers.
48908	For the lower equivocality task  decision quality was  measured by counting the number of correct answers  for the four questions composing the task.
48909	The higher equivocality  task was designed following the university’s undergraduate  admissions regulations to provide a correct  rank ordering of the five candidates. Seven experts (the  director and assistant director of undergraduate admissions   plus five admissions officers) independently  evaluated the candidates. They unanimously agreed  on the rankings for the top two candidates but did not  agree on the rankings for the remaining three. Therefore   decision quality was measured by counting the  number of correct rankings of only the top two candidates.
48910	This instrument provided an appraisal of the  degree of enjoyment  interest  sense of accomplishment   and overall communication satisfaction between  partners.
48911	The virtual learning environment allowed the students to access the teaching material at any time and from any location equipped with a computer and an Internet connection. Students taking the course online were able to customize the teaching material. They could briefly review or skip topics with which they were familiar  or they could repeat at will topics that they did not comprehend. They could also limit their attention to presentation forms they found useful and skip those that they did not.
48912	Students in the traditional learning environment had to attend class at specified times.
48930	Use of common standards for general-purpose hardware  software  and communications technologies among business units.
48931	Use of a common information technology strategy-making process that provides a general strategic direction for the information technology decisions of the business units.
48932	Sharing of common goals  principles  values  and language among the information technology talent in the business units.
48933	Firm's coordination of the vendor relationships of its business units.
48934	The extent to which informants' firms create  transfer  integrate  and leverage related product knowledge resources across their business units.
48935	The extent to which informants' firms create  transfer  integrate  and leverage related customer knowledge resources across their business units.
48936	The extent to which informants' firms create  transfer  integrate  and leverage related managerial knowledge resources across their business units.
48937	Tobin's q.
48938	Return on assets.
48940	Number of firm's employees.
48941	Whether business executives organized their business units by products  customers  geographic regions  or functional areas.
48942	The standard deviation of the firm's return on assets values over the previous five-year period.
48943	Average return on sales of industries.
48944	Whether the participant was given how explanations (knowledge about the logical processes and the line of reasoning used by the decision aid)  why explanations (justifications of the importance and purpose of the questions asked by the aid in order to elicit users’ preferences  as well as the basis for the  product recommendations provided)  or guidance explanations (information about the various options provided by the aid for users to indicate their  attribute preferences).
49015	The time taken to answer the questions.
49026	The degree to which a focal firm uses global optimization with its supply chain partners to  manage the stocking and flow of materials and finished goods.
49027	The degree to which financial flows between a focal firm and its supply chain partners is driven by workflow events.
49028	The degree of real-time communication of a focal firm's function-specific supply chain  management applications with each other and related applications.
49029	Global navigation systems provide overviews of the entire site (such as site maps) on each page.
49098	Influence outcome was based on the definitions of commitment  compliance  and resistance. Commitment is evident when the target displays strong enthusiasm and special effort  beyond what is expected. Compliance occurs when the target completes the request but is apathetic and makes minimal effort. Resistance is displayed when the target avoids performing the  requested action by arguing  delaying  etc.
49104	Maintenance  repair  and operations (MRO) items purchased online and production goods procured online.
49106	Total business transacted online  existing customers conducting business online  new customers acquired online  and customer service provided online.
49108	Percentage increase in revenue per employee (RPE)  gross profit margin (GPM)  return on assets (ROA)  and return on invested capital (ROIC) attributable to net-enabled business transformation (NBT) initiatives.
49156	Teams in the treatment group were required to file weekly reports documenting their long-term and short-term plans  identifying members responsible for completion of specific tasks  and reporting on the progress made during the previous week.
49157	Members of teams in the control group were required to file an individual report upon completion of the exercise.
49158	Whether one or more team members were actively monitoring teammates’ behavior (e.g.  a team member inquires with others about the status of the latters’ missing contributions).
49159	Whether an unfulfilled contribution was significant (e.g.  because of its cost to the team)  vivid (e.g.  because repeated calls drew attention to it)  or personally relevant to one or more team members.
49160	Whether one or more team members knew about their obligations (e.g.  had explicitly taken responsibility for specific contributions or had acknowledged their responsibility) and failed to deliver on them.
49161	Whether a misunderstanding of obligations between one or more of the team members had occurred.
49162	The belief that an individual or group makes good-faith efforts to behave in accordance with any commitments both explicit and implicit  is honest in whatever negotiations preceded such commitment  and does not take excessive advantage of another even when the opportunity is available.
49163	The extent to which an individual is believed to be willing to help teammates beyond personal motives or individual gain.
49164	The extent to which an individual is believed to adhere to a set of principles thought to make him or her dependable and reliable.
49188	The duration of use (measured via system logs).
49219	Patterns of accepted and expected  behaviors that are partially shared by a group of decision makers and directed toward collective or group goals.
49224	The extent to which parties achieve  mutually satisfying resolutions of their conflicts and  thus  disagreements are replaced by agreement and consensus.
49225	Recognition by both partners in an exchange relationship that the relationship provides benefits greater than either partner could attain alone or with some other partner.
49226	Durability (a desire to continue a relationship because of positive affect toward the partner)  input (a willingness to be deeply involved in the relationship through investment of capital and effort)  and consistency (a confidence in the stability of the relationship).
49227	The year when the information contracting  activity started.
49228	Type of information technology activity being outsourced.
49229	The percentage of information technology budget spent on information technology outsourcing.
49230	Spirit of contractual and publicity of common values  beliefs  philosophy between organizations to ensure performance.
49231	Number of companies taking part in some aspect of the information systems portfolios when outsourced.
49232	Specification of obligations in terms of a statement of work  the associated and required service levels  and the price to be paid into all sourcing  agreements.
49233	Planning the process and methodologies for coping with changes and contingencies in long-term engagements; agreeing to agree.
49234	The joint development of expectations about perceived uncertainties   especially concerned with anticipated conflicts of interest and potential trouble.
49235	Continuous processes for changing interfaces  approaches  and attitudes  toward better service delivery states within a deal based on learning by doing.
49236	Cooperative innovation  especially joint efforts at continuous performance  improvement and planning.
49237	The approach for disseminating contractrelated information to all of  the parties involved in the relationship through scheduled interaction and communication such as  formal meeting and reporting.
49238	Tactical measurements for calculating and reckoning of service performance as well as success metrics derived from the SR’s strategic plan.
49239	Balance of power that imposes one’s will on others.
49240	Carrot-and-stick; sharing of  benefits and burdens.
49266	Project budget and the total number of person-months of effort required to complete it.
49344	Participants were instructed to go to their site with “the goal of efficiently finding something specific within that site .
49345	Participants were instructed to “have fun  looking at whatever you consider interesting or entertaining”.
49359	Knowledge of the organization’s goals and objectives  its core capabilities  and its critical success factors  as well as knowledge about its environment and the constraints imposed on it by its suppliers  buyers  the government  and competitors.
49362	An understanding of the business process supported by information technology (IT)  as well as an understanding of the connections and interdependencies among different organizational units.
49365	Overall business responsibility of information technology (IT) professionals  created when they feel responsible for business processes and outcomes beyond their specific responsibilities for the direct performance of information systems (IS).
49369	The ability to visualize the ways in which information technology (IT) can contribute to organizational performance and to look for synergies between IT and business activities.
49370	Knowing where knowledge resides within and outside the organization.
49371	Team orientation and ability to develop and maintain relationships with others.
49373	Intentions to engage and maintain partnerships with business clients.
49390	The student teams in the teaching theater classroom were not restricted from face-to-face verbal communication and were free to use VisionQuest electronic tools in any combination and sequence that they deemed appropriate to generate ideas  share and structure information  and comment on issues in support of their in-class discussions.
49391	The student teams that met in the traditional classroom worked on the same assignments  but no computer tools for support of their in-class group interactions were made available.
49465	On the text-based interface  subjects entered  home criteria into an input form.  After clicking an  Execute Query  button  a query  was run against a Microsoft Access database and  the solution set was displayed on the user's computer  screen. The input form enabled the user to  enter the same criteria that were included in the  Homefinder interface. The results were presented  in an access table where each row represented a  particular home and the columns represented  values for each of the attributes in the database
49466	The visual query interface was a type of  geographic information system (GIS) that included  visual tools that allowed decision makers to  dynamically define and narrow the selection  criteria for a desired home as part of their database  query. Once the query constraints were  defined  the interface then displayed the number  of homes meeting those criteria using a starfield  display. Users could then use  slider bars to constrain the solution set based on details that the vignette provided.
49649	The seller had low-expected-value tickets (3 points) which resulted in lower power.
49650	The difference between a buyer’s or seller's first offer and the average of all buyers’ or sellers' first offers.
49651	The time taken for the second mover to respond to the first mover’s offer and the total time taken for the dyad to conclude negotiations.
49672	The time to complete the survey.
49701	Council-manager or mayor-council form of city government.
49705	Perceived proficiency in organizational goals and objectives  primary organizational functions  critical success factors  and environmental constraints.
49706	Perceived proficiency in interpersonal communication  interpersonal behavior  group dynamics and project management.
49707	Perceived proficiency in work unit objectives  work unit problems  and links with other work units.
49708	Perceived proficiency in information system policies and plans  fit between information systems and organization  existing information systems applications  information systems/information technology potential  information systems/information technology for competitive advantage  and privacy issues.
49709	Perceived proficiency in programming  use of software packages  model building  model application  data access  database development  and data communication.
49710	Perceived proficiency in use of specific application systems  use of office automation products  use of operating systems  preparation of documentation  use/understanding of documentation  and information systems evaluation and maintenance.
49711	Whether the participant is information systems personnel or end-user personnel.
49743	The number of previous business relationships with the vendor.
49921	Whether the participant disclosed the requested personal information.
49929	Years of computer-related job experience.
49930	Whether the participant was given a positive argument framing  which consists of messages that typically involve a statistical link between electronic health record use  error reduction  and decreases in deaths attributed to medical errors.
49931	Whether the participant was given a neutral argument framing  which is operationalized using messages that are entirely fabricated  typically anecdotal  lacking any statistical validation  and a source  if given  is anonymous.
49933	Whether the task involved modifying five methods in two classes (low complexity) or seven methods in five classes (high complexity).
49935	Chief executive officers’ and information technology (IT) managers’ ratings of their firms’ current use of IT relative to competitors.
49936	Age of the chief executive officer.
49937	The chief executive officer’s years of tenure in the company.
49938	The chief executive officer’s years of tenure in their current position.
49939	The chief executive officer’s years in college.
49940	Whether the chief executive officer’s background was in output or a data processing function.
49998	The number of separate parts of the problem descriptions of the number of solutions.
50000	The functional areas are service  sales  and administration.
50007	The individual’s subjective assessment  of the utility offered by the innovation in a specific work-related context.
50009	The cognitive effort needed to be expended to utilize the innovation.
50019	The extent to which potential adopters are willing to accept changes in the way they are accustomed to work in order to use the Web.
50053	The relative influence of interpersonal information sources on respondents’ initial adoption decisions.
50239	U.S. or India.
50264	Ad hoc groups were formed by randomly assigning second- and third-year undergraduate students to 16 six-member  groups.
50265	Less sensitive topics were used (“How can  tourism be improved in Montreal?”  “How can the university parking situation be improved?”).
50399	The one-page resume was annotated with negative comments (bad news).
50400	The one-page resume was annotated with positive comments (good news).
50401	The relative importance of research  teaching and service  relative to promotion  tenure  and merit.  A fixed set of weights for research  teaching and/or service  a variable set of weights for research  teaching and/or service determined by department  or a variable set of weights for research  teaching and/or service determined by individual professor.
50441	The ability of the planning system to continuously improve in its support of organizational functioning.
50515	Trainees were instructed to work independently as if they were completing a self-study course and were advised that the trainer was there to help them only if they reached an impasse or failed to understand the material.
50516	All information provided to trainees was in the lecture format. Trainees were encouraged to ask questions at any time during the presentation.
50519	Participants’ performance on tasks that are similar to the tasks covered in the training sessions.
50520	Participants’ performance on tasks that require them to apply problem-solving skills in order to arrive at a solution.
50530	All parts of the problem were presented to the groups simultaneously.
50531	Three subcategories of the problem were sequentially posed to the groups.
50591	Participants were not part of a group that received enrichment of decision models with cues that direct decision makers toward successful structuring and execution of model components.
50592	The website was without arguments.
50593	The website displayed claim only.
50594	The website displayed arguments that consisted of claim plus data.
50595	The website displayed arguments that included claim plus data and backing.
50597	Hours per week of internet use.
50604	Whether the participant visited store A or store B first.
50605	Number of systems  sessions  displays  functions  or messages and user's report of whether they are a light/medium/heavy user.
50606	The product information was represented through multiple static images.
50607	The product information was represented through continuous video demonstrations. Textual information was used to explain product features.
50608	The product information was represented through continuous video demonstrations. Narration was used to explain product features.
50609	Product information was represented using functional control. Under this condition  users were able to try various functions of the sports watch and personal digital assistant (PDA).
50727	The elapsed months between the inception of security efforts and the occurrence of the abuse.
50728	Severity of the disciplinary actions taken against computer abusers.
50729	Number of informational sources about penalties and acceptable system use.
50730	A subjective measure of the deterrent effect.
50732	The number of different assignments  projects  and other activities completed while using the computing resource center (CRC).
50733	The total number of visits to the computing resource center (CRC).
50734	The total time spent in the computing resource center (CRC).
50751	The participant was shown a 20-minute videotape in which a videotaped model performed introductory exercises on the computer  expressing frustration initially  but eventually achieving some success.
50754	The participants had a brief lecture followed by 30 minutes to review their notes.
50784	Percent of network regularly coming to respondent for computer-related advice at least once per month.
50785	Percent of network regularly sought out by respondent for computer-related advice at least once per month.
50837	The percentage of weekdays school was in session each week.
50845	Amount of e-mail other family members sent and received.
50848	The number of websites other family members accessed.
50886	The number of weeks from a participant’s  first use of the Internet to their last use.
50955	How well respondents knew the particular word processing package with which they were most familiar.
50956	How well respondents knew the particular spreadsheet package with which they were most familiar.
50970	Scale consists of eight items which ask the respondent to consider whether he or she could complete a job task using the particular software (word processing) under specific conditions.
50980	Scale consists of eight items which ask the respondent to consider whether he or she could complete a job task using the particular software (spreadsheets) under specific conditions.
50988	The specific measure of test self-efficacy was collected by showing subjects ten flash cards for each package  each containing one of the multiple choice questions. Subjects were asked to indicate first whether they believed they could answer the question correctly (YES or NO) and if yes  how confident they were in their ability to answer the question correctly.
50989	The specific measure of test self-efficacy was collected by showing subjects ten flash cards for each package  each containing one of the multiple choice questions. Subjects were asked to indicate first whether they believed they could answer the question correctly (YES or NO) and if yes  how confident they were in their ability to answer the question correctly.
50990	The same procedure was used with the general measure  except that the flash cards contained items that were paraphrased from the ability tests.
51064	Number of minutes in an Internet session.
51089	The first appraisal was immediately after they had received the performance indicators of the six departments  including the biased cue. The second appraisal was performed after the experimental group subjects had examined the interview information.
51090	Subjects' only appraisal was based solely on the interview information (post-interview-information appraisal).
51092	Post-biased-cue appraisal versus post-interview-information appraisal.
51093	Subjects' final recommendation on whether to renew or terminate the department head's contract.
51098	Participants were in a group that was given a support system with capabilities that facilitate differentiation of positions through provision of a medium and set of procedures for group interaction and capabilities that channel group communication exchanges toward behaviors such as frank and open exchange of opinions and interpretations  examination of the validity of alternative interpretations  discarding of inappropriate interpretations  and refinement of useful ones.
51099	Participants were in a group that was given a support system with capabilities that facilitate differentiation of positions through provision of a medium and set of procedures for group interaction.
51100	Participants were in a group that was provided with flipcharts  index cards  calculator  and procedures for performing stakeholder analysis.
51132	The use of the system by other team members.
51185	Individuals' ratings of their ability to accomplish a task using Excel  under differing levels of assistance.
51186	Subjects in the control group watched a 30-minute video which was unrelated  to computers in any way.
51187	Subjects in the nonbehavioral modeling group were given 30 minutes to review their notes.
51188	Subjects in the behavioral modeling group watched a 30-minute behavioral modeling video on using Excel.
51233	Version 1 encourages the user  to look for underlying causes for the decision situation at hand. The user is asked to move from causes to explanations and then to solutions.
51234	Version 2 is  focused on practical solutions at every step. This treatment asks the user to  identify a desired outcome  consider hindrances and resources to be dealt with   and finally generate solutions and a decision.
51235	Users' perceptions concerning the quality of easy to use of the software version they used.
51236	Users' perceptions concerning the qualify of feedback  ease of use  and fun to use of the software.
51237	Failure to deliver the product purchased (e.g.  actual quality deception  selling counterfeit products).
51238	Delivery of an item that is different from the one described in the product advertisement.
51239	Refusal to accept payment and to send the product.
51240	Failure to use the shipping method promised and to send the product in a timely manner.
51241	Offering a return or a refund policy and then failing to acknowledge product guarantees.
51242	Refusal to follow the payment policy and accept certain forms of payment.
51267	The list of recommended ring tones came from the subject’s favorite singers and preferred rhythms.
51268	The list of ring tones was randomly extracted from the ring tone pool.
51269	Whether the first item clicked on by a subject was in the personalized offers column.
51270	The total number of trial listening in the personalized offers column (for the small-set condition) or the total number of trial listening in the personalized offers column divided by two (for the large-set condition).
51271	Whether the selected ring tone was downloaded from the personalized offer column.
51272	The number of personalized ring tones listened to.
51273	The group was in a face-to-face setting.
51274	The group was in dispersed locations.
51336	When support for additive compensatory (where a decision-maker evaluates one alternative at a time along all relevant attributes)  is not available; decision makers  will have neither the motivation nor the capability  to implement a normative strategy.
51339	In the low incentive condition  support for additive compensatory (where a decision-maker evaluates  one alternative at a time along all relevant attributes) is not available.
51341	In the high support condition  the normative strategy is made so easy that it will be used regardless of the level of incentive provided.
51343	It is only in the moderate additive compensatory (where a decision-maker evaluates one alternative at a time along all relevant attributes) support condition that there may be differential implementation of strategies depending on the level of incentive provided.
51346	Those in the low additive compensatory support  condition had access to the CREATE and CALCULATE  commands. CREATE allows a user to create a  column representing a vector of weights to indicate the  relative importance of each attribute. The CALCULATE  command allows the user to perform arithmetic  operations on pairs of rows or columns.
51348	The moderate level of additive compensatory support included all the commands described  for low additive compensatory support (CREATE and CALCULATE commands) plus a ROW TOTAL command. The ROW TOTAL command can be used to sum the values for each alternative in the choice set across all rows.
51350	The high level of additive compensatory support adds the GLOBAL command to those available in the moderate additive compensatory condition. The GLOBAL command can be used to multiply the matrix of attribute values (all 10 columns)  by the vector of weights developed using the CREATE command  to yield a matrix of weighted scores.
51352	Participant makes a hypothetical choice; the hypothetical choice task was labelled as a low incentive task  since there were no consequences for the decision-maker.
51355	Participant chooses a $60 organizer; participants were told that at the end of the study they had a 50% chance of receiving either the $20 or $60 organizer they had chosen.
51357	Participant chooses a $20 organizer; participants were told that at the end of the study they had a 50% chance of receiving either the $20 or $60 organizer they had chosen.
51418	Participants composed and executed queries in Structured Query Language for a data structure that contained optional attributes  optional   relationships  and associative entities.
51419	Participants composed and executed queries in Structured Query Language for a data structure that had the optional   attributes  optional relationships  and associative entities removed through the use of supertype and subtype entities and exhibited greater ontological clarity.
51420	The extent to which a consumer expresses a need for price information.
51421	The extent to which a consumer obtains price information online.
51422	Team members sat around a table and engaged in open discussion and were  given a pad of paper to record any information that they felt was important to the team decision.
51423	Team members sat in separate rooms and communicated only through the synchronous text communication environment.
51424	Participants have a spouse who had a full-time managerial and/or professional job outside the home.
51425	Participants have a spouse who was a full-time homemaker ( Traditional ).
51427	Total time spent by the respondent and his/her spouse working at the office and at home.
51429	The ability of the firm to convert information technology investments into productive outputs.
51616	The participant was asked to provide personal purchase preference information (e.g.  favorite product category  brand  design).
51618	The participant was asked to provide personal financial information (e.g.  annual income  current debt  annual mortgage payment  checking and saving balances  and other investments).
51629	Poor-fit teams were provided communication support using the same Groove® synchronous text-based  messaging tool  but with no video or audio conferencing.
51630	The match between requirements of a task and the communication support capabilities of the technology to support task accomplishment.
51803	E-commerce activity assimilation and E-commerce strategy assimilation.
51879	Whether the individual was a user of Windows or were a potential adopter (an individual who had knowledge of Windows but who had not yet started using it).
52097	Interpersonal conflict in information system development.
52102	Participants in the zero-history group condition were scheduled individually and first met their teammates when they came to the experimental session.
52103	Participants in the established group condition were asked to form a group of three at the beginning of the semester for a semester-long project.
52135	Output quality and user-system relationship.
52149	Powerlessness  meaninglessness  normlessness  social isolation  self-estrangement  and cultural estrangement.
52150	Composite of age  organizational tenure  job tenure  and number of years is the information systems (IS) field.
52152	Use and impact measures were later combined into a single success index.
52153	Development or operations costs.
52162	Perceived usefulness of generalist skills.
52163	Perceived usefulness of specialist skills.
52188	Face-to-face vs. audio-conferencing.
52189	Electronic meeting systems vs. no electronic meeting systems.
52291	Interactional justice  procedural justice  and distributive justice.
52292	Perceived website complexity is a function of three facets: component (density and  dissimilarity of visual features such as text  graphics  video   and animation presented at a website)  coordinative (range of  topics covered by the website and interrelationships between  these topics)  and dynamic (ambiguity and clarity of action outcome  relationship in a hyperlink).
52301	Information technology strategy making  information technology vendor management  information technology human resource management  and information technology infrastructure.
52302	Whether the subject was asked to perform products understanding tasks with a sports watch or a personal digital assistant (PDA).
52333	Feedback rule-trace  justification  and strategy explanations.
52335	Feedforward rule-trace  justification  and strategy explanations.
52637	Individual judgments of a person’s capabilities to get information.
52638	Individual judgments of a person’s capabilities to purchase.
52807	Percentage of ask-related messages  group-maintenance messages  and technology-related messages.
52808	Pre- or post-discussion learning module.
53265	The extent to which members of an organization are engaged in activities related to system development.
53266	The extent to which members affect decisions related to the final design of an information system.
53267	Manifest disagreement among group members.
53268	The extent to which disagreements are replaced by agreement and consensus.
53269	The extent to which the project team is productive in its task and effective in its interactions with non-team members.
53466	Human-factors professionals (who focus either exclusively on humans or on the human side of the human-computer interface)  machine-factors professionals (who focus on either exclusively on machines or on the machine side of the human-computer interface)  or other.
53467	The ability to exert influence and leadership.
53468	Positive  other-oriented  egalitarian  and cooperative behaviors.
53469	Behaviors that are controlled  serious  and task-oriented.
53470	The actual extent to which human- and machine-factors experts regularly worked as part of a team.
53471	The extent to which respondents wished to behave in each way.
53472	The extent to which respondents actually behaved in each way.
53473	The extent to which the respondent's job involved managerial responsibility.
53474	The degree to which human-factors experts were regular members of teams that produced actual system products.
53475	The extent of the respondent's involvement with research.
53476	Number of months since information center began regular operation.
53477	Total number of information center employees.
53478	Total number of requests/calls received in the last 12 months.
53479	Information center manager’s rating of overall success (unsuccessful - very successful).
53480	Information center performance evaluated more on budget or goal accomplishment (budget - goals).
53481	Information systems has strategic impact or significant information systems costs (yes or no).
53482	Total number of employees in the host organization.
53483	Total number of employees at the location served by the information systems department.
53484	Total number of application systems analysts/programmers.
53485	Percentage of information systems staff with a bachelor’s degree.
53520	Provided  not provided.
53521	Provided  not provided.
53532	Major  minor  none.
53533	Major  minor  none.
53547	Major  minor  none.
53548	Major  minor  none.
53549	Product knowledge management (KM) capability  customer KM capability  and managerial KM capability.
53582	The accuracy of information provided by the management information systems (MIS).
53583	Information that gives a fresh or novel perspective.
53584	Information known to be reliable  remaining unchanged whene  collection modes and other events change.
53585	Making practicai experience avaiiabie through an management information systems (MIS).
53586	Information that stems from data compiied by processing steps that are known and understood.
53587	The ability to cross check information using parallel sources to verify its accuracy.
53603	In this condition  participants were provided with feedback on expected outcome  upside potential  and corrective actions.
53604	In the control condition  the participant was only informed of the expected performance of the donor ratings.
53682	Importance of design cost/benefit analysis  feasibility study  package cost/benefit analysis  information requirements determination methods  semantic modeling  object oriented analysis  conceptual design  Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE).
53683	Importance of structured design  documentation  quality assurance  data structures  security/privacy  systems development methodology  prototyping  algorithms.
53687	Importance of listening  work with others  writing  work alone  persuasion  presenting  respond to emotions  training.
53689	Importance of project planning  business function  industry  ethics  management information systems planning  technology problems  competitive advantage  technology usefulness.
53694	Importance of mainframe  personal computer (PC)  multiple  minicomputer  Systems Network Architecture  Systems Application Architecture  UNIX.
53699	Importance of Common Business-Oriented Language (COBOL)  Job Control Languages  4th generation languages  Structured Query Language  C  object oriented language  Artificial Intelligence language  ADA.
53700	Importance of relational databases  hierarchical and network databases  distributed applications  decision support system  EIS  collaborative systems  expert systems.
53702	Importance of hardware integration  hardware maintenance  optical storage  parallel processing  supercomputers.
53704	Importance of user-friendly systems  software integration  systems programming  application generators  graphical interfaces  object-oriented design  CASE  operations research models.
53706	Importance of physical database design  data communications  local area networks  very large databases  electronic data interchange  semantic database design.
53709	Importance of image processing  multimedia systems  expert systems  hypertext/hypermedia  audio/video programming  speech processing  neural networks.
53942	The extent to which the respondent had encountered problems like planners' failure to consider sufficiently organizational strategies and characteristics  the organization's information systems objectives  and the needs of the organization's users.
53943	The extent to which the respondent had encountered problems like neglecting to plan for computer and data communications equipment.
53944	The extent to which the respondent had encountered problems like the excessive duration and concomitant expense of the strategic information systems planning (SISP) process.
53945	The extent to which the respondent had encountered problems like planners' failure to set the priorities for specific databases within an overall database architecture and with the database personnel to support them.
53946	The extent to which the respondent had encountered problems like the failure to carry out the plan  focusing on poor communication with top management and poor strategic information systems planning (SISP) output documents.
54001	Whether the participant was shown an airline  bookstore  auto manufacturer  or car rental website.
54002	Whether the participant was assigned to act as a customer or investor.
54048	Rated from “some high school” to “graduate degree”.
54049	Years of hands-on computer use.
54050	Apprehension and fear associated with computer use.
54051	Confidence and comfort with the idea of learning and using computer skill.
54052	Belief that computers are dominating and controlling humans.
54053	Belief that computers are helpful and useful.
54060	The number of individuals working on the project full time.
54065	Participants were given a pretraining script that asked them to take notes  pay attention  and stay focused and which attempted to boost their  motivational beliefs by influencing their self-efficacy beliefs and their outcome expectations from the learning exercise (e.g.  with statements such as “You are a very capable learner”).
54066	Participants were given a pretraining script that provided only general information on communication technologies.
54067	Participants were given a midpoint script that evaluated their performance and asked them to focus on learning goals  to pay attention  and to monitor their learning progress. They also received positive feedback  regardless of their actual performance.
54068	Participants received a midpoint control script that did not provide any self-regulated learning (SRL)-specific information or feedback.
54069	Belief that computers are intimidating.
54070	Fear and apprehension related to mathematics.
54071	The extent to which the respondent is a  creative and intuitive individual.
54072	The extent to which the respondent is a precise  reliable  and disciplined individual.
54073	The extent to which the respondent is a  bureaucratic individual who respects authority and rules.
54074	The respondents' perceptions of their capability regarding specific computer-related knowledge and skills.
54075	Knowledge of technical processing and cataloging of books  serials  and periodicals.
54076	Knowledge of circulation of books and periodicals  reference consulting  etc.
54077	Knowledge of budget activities  personnel matters  etc.
54078	Knowledge of former events  stories  etc.
54079	Knowledge of matters of policy—i.e.  what one ought to do.
54080	Full-time members of the department as sources of knowledge.
54081	Major categories of systems as sources of knowledge  including: Electronic Databases (DB); Manual  Databases (DBm); Personal Computers (PC's); Personal Files and Training Manuals.
54082	The frequency of retrieval of knowledge from other members of the organization or from documented sources.
54083	The ranking of the degree scores of centrality (in terms of frequencies per week).
54094	Number of people in the household.
54096	Switching costs  which are defined  as any perceived disutility a customer would experience  from switching service providers.
54097	Long-linked technology for manufacturing  distribution  construction  and transport/warehousing/communication firms; mediating technology for banking/finance/insurance; or intensive technology for research and information technology firms.
54098	Firm revenue.
54100	Independent (minimal outsourcing  buy-in contract  and short-term duration); arm's-length (selective outsourcing  detailed specification of obligations  medium-term contract); or embedded (comprehensive outsourcing  unspecified contract  long-term relationship).
54143	The need to be competent in the activities associated with management  such as problem analysis skills  emotional stability  and interpersonal competence.
54144	The desire for status and prestige from belonging to certain companies or organizations.
54145	The desire for several different challenges.
54146	Concern with helping others and seeing changes that result from efforts.
54147	Importance of remaining in one geographical location.
54148	A person’s need to be free of constraint to pursue professional or technical competence.
54149	The willingness to accept an organizational (compared with a personally developed) career definition.
54150	Motivation for the challenge of a technical field  functional area  or content of the work (not the managerial process).
54151	Computer operator  programmer  systems analyst  or manager.
54152	The four anchors of managerial competence  service  identity  and variety; focused toward analyzing problems  remaining emotionally stable  and being interpersonally competent.
54153	Individuals who tend to do what is required of them by their employers to maintain job security  a decent income  and a stable future in the form of a good retirement program  benefits  and so on.
54154	An orientation toward being challenged by the actual work.
54222	Respondents' degree of agreement with statements such as information systems will provide new ways for firm to compete  new systems are being developed to create new products/services  and the like.
54223	The degree of disruption caused by computer shutdown  feasibility of manually processing the data of critical operations  and so on.
54224	The extent of detailed analysis devoted to planning activities in the external  internal  and technology environment and its impact on the firm.
54226	The percentage of the total information systems (IS) staff actively involved in IS planning.
54227	Senior management's understanding of the potential of information systems (IS) in their business operations  IS planners' understanding of the business plans of the firm  and the clarity of the business plans in providing directions for IS planning.
54228	The degree of participation of the information systems (IS) manager in strategic business planning and level of interactions between business and IS planners.
54229	Involvement of top management in the information systems (IS) planning process.
54230	Involvement of users in the information systems (IS) planning process.
54231	The proportion of sales revenue allocated to the information systems (IS) budget.
54232	Degree of fulfillment of information systems planning objectives.
54233	Quality of information systems (IS) service  accuracy of information  and the  reliability of system.
54234	Information system's contribution to return on investment (ROI)  sales revenue  market share  operating efficiency  and customer satisfaction.
54250	The locus of authority and decision making and the extent to which decision-making autonomy is dispersed or concentrated in an organizational unit.
54251	The extent to which unit members are permitted to choose the means for completing the task.
54252	The extent of job codification and rule observation.
54253	Extent of fitting together the various activities of the unit to achieve the unit's objectives  requiring bureaucratic mode of coordination (work plans and schedules).
54254	Extent of fitting together the various activities of the unit to achieve the unit's objectives  requiring human input (e.g.  project coordinator  user liaison).
54255	The frequency of unexpected and novel events that occur in the work.
54256	The degree to which one can analyze the unexpected events.
54257	The degree to which collaboration among the members of the unit is required to complete the task.
54258	The degree of goal attainment: accuracy  information load  format  understandability  and usefulness for identifying  resolving  and selecting from among alternative courses of action.
54259	Each group member had a private computer consisting of a display monitor  keyboard  and mouse.
54260	Each group member had a pad of paper  a pencil  and a pen. A flipchart on an easel  markers  and tape were also provided. A clock was mounted on the wall.
54261	Amount of speech logged among the group during the collaborative activity.
54262	How focused and attentive the group members were during the collaborative activity.
54263	Patterns of private versus public tool use in the group during the collaborative activity.
54268	Holistic and analytic evaluations of the quality of the final documents.
54269	Attractiveness of using the new system to the maximum extent.
54270	Participants were told   If you use the expert system to the maximum extent in your job  the likelihood that your decision will be significantly better than a decision you arrive at by yourself is high.
54271	Participants were told   If you use the expert system to the maximum extent in your job  the likelihood that the time required to make your decision will be reduced is high.
54272	Participants were told   If you use the expert system to the maximum extent in your job  the likelihood that the frequency of making correct decisions will increase is high.
54273	Participants were told   If you use the expert system to the maximum extent in your job  the likelihood that the knowledge of your job and your general level of competence will increase is low.
54276	Experience of using computer-based information systems.
54277	The strength of the participants' motivation and effort to use the new expert system.
54278	The instructor of the course in which subjects were enrolled provided a rating on a scale of 0 (unacceptable) to 100 (perfect) of the group's final report on each task.
54279	The average number of system entries per person per meeting.
54282	The amount of time required to complete each task.
54283	Pen-based or keyboard/mouse interface.
54284	Participants’ perceptions of input.
54285	Participants’ perceptions of position control.
54286	Participants’ perceptions of software navigation.
54287	Participants’ perceptions of the efficiency.
54288	Overall assessment of the ease of use of the interface.
54289	Self-reported estimate of keyboard experience.
54290	Whether participants would use the interface for more work of the same kind.
54291	How positively a member perceives the group discussion.
54292	How positively a member evaluates acts performed by the group including task-oriented behavior  socioemotional behavior  and procedural behavior.
54293	How group members perceive themselves as participating in the decision process.
54294	How a member perceives that negative socioemotional behavior was expressed during the meeting.
54295	How a member feels that an informal leader emerged.
54296	Member satisfaction with the group's final decision.
54297	Member satisfaction with the processes by which decisions are reached.
54363	Importance of the navigation of the web site.
54364	Importance of the interactivity of the web site.
54371	The impact of the office information system on the extent to which the social actor has discretion over resource allocation.
54373	The impact of the office information system on the difficulty with which the duties of a person can be performed by a substitute  person.
54374	The impact of the office information system on the power that derives from occupying a higher position in the organizational  structure.
54375	The impact of the office information system on the closeness with which the purpose of   a unit matches the central mission of the institution.
54376	The impact of the office information system on the knowledge the social actor brings to the organization.
54377	Participant's perception of the extent to which the organization seriously considers their wishes.
54379	The number of meetings held by the ten teams in which one or more features within  the Software  aided meeting management(SAMM) system was actively  used.
54380	Degree of comfort  and enjoyment when using the SAMM system  extent to which the software provided the  right support  for that particular meeting  and degree to which members think they have adequate training to use SAMM effectively.
54381	Use of the Group Decision Support Systems (GDSSs) to facilitate substantive work on agenda setting  problem definition   solution generation   or other decision-making  operations.
54382	Use of the  Group Decision Support Systems (GDSSs)to manage communication  and other group processes.
54383	Use of the Group Decision Support Systems (GDSSs) by an individual on the team to influence the team's thinking or move them forward in the meeting.
54384	Use of the Group Decision Support Systems (GDSSs) to establish or maintain social relationships among members  such as to joke  or laugh  or tease one another; use of the GDSS  for socio-emotional expression.
54385	Use of the  Group Decision Support Systems (GDSSs) by an individual purely for private reasons  such as to take   personal notes or to explore the system features.  Individualistic use is not intended to have the group move to GDSS use and may be due to boredom.
54386	Use of Software  aided meeting management  (SAMM) for its own sake  with no   specific goal in mind other than to    play  or  understand how the system works .
54387	A period of disorientation in the group when there is no clear focus of   attention  with Software  aided meeting management (SAMM) being used during this disorientation  characterized by several simultaneous conversations  and/or by people asking questions about what the group is doing.
54388	Periods of group interaction with SAMM  not simply a single keystroke or menu choice by an individual member.
54389	General statements about the system as well as statements directed toward a specific feature or operational  characteristic of Software aided meeting management (SAMM).
54390	A group’s confidence and ease in use of system.
54391	The value groups place on the structures provided by a technology.
54392	Sense of accomplishment from technology use.
54393	Degree to which the use of a method is seen to be free of effort.
54394	Degree to which method is perceived to enhance one’s performance.
54395	Degree to which method is perceived as consistent with one’s existing values and past experiences.
54396	How well or poorly a decision-making discussion is perceived.
54397	Members’ satisfaction with group solution.
54398	Members’ satisfaction with decision scheme used.
54399	The task called for the development of a strategy to tackle a campus parking problem.
54400	The task involved residence hall misconduct.
54401	Participants used a system that involved the use of keypads for evaluative responses.
54402	Participants were in a group in which members used microcomputers.
54403	The two meetings for each group were separated by two weeks.
54405	Perceived effectiveness of computer-supported process.
54406	Perceived efficiency of computer-supported process.
54407	Satisfaction of computer-supported process.
54408	Involvement and commitment of computer-supported process.
54410	Power Corporation  Greyhound Financial Corporation  or Management College.
54411	Participants used an electronic meeting system (EMS) tool that supports idea generation by allowing group members to share comments on specific questions simultaneously and anonymously using an interactive mode. Participants are encouraged to be creative or critical depending on the nature of the question and group objectives.
54412	Participants used an electronic meeting system (EMS) tool that facilitates idea generation (simultaneously and anonymously) on a structured list of topics via an interactive mode. Participants enter  exchange  and review information on self-selected topics.
54413	Participants used an electronic meeting system (EMS) tool that helps group members identify and consolidate key items associated with previously generated text (e.g.  ideas from EBS) using a supported mode. Support is also provided for integrating external information to support identified items.
54414	Participants used an electronic meeting system (EMS) tool that is used to evaluate the implications of a proposed policy or plan via a supported mode. Stake holders and their assumptions are identified  scaled  and presented to the group graphically for discussion.
54415	Participants used an electronic meeting system (EMS) tool that helps capture and organize characteristics of an organization using any user-defined modeling technique via an interactive  supported  or chauffeured mode.
54416	Participants used an electronic meeting system (EMS) tool that provides a graphic system for examining information from the Enterprise Analyzer using a chauffeured mode.
54417	Level of performance of relationship with information center (IC) staff  attitude of IC staff  communication with IC staff  convenience of access to IC services  technical competence of IC staff  relevance of services offered by IC  and responsiveness of IC staff.
54418	Level of performance of reliability of information from user-developed applications (UDA)  accuracy of information from UDA  precision of information from UDA  and completeness of information from UDA.
54419	Level of performance of degree of training provided  users’ understanding of information center (IC) concept and services  feeling of participation by users  feeling of control over user-developed applications (UDA)  and independence from traditional information system function.
54420	The overall success of the information center (IC) in fulfilling its functions.
54425	Inadequate storage capacity of hardware in initial configuration.
54426	The extent to which the use of technology has had a positive or negative impact on the ability of the organization to use organizational resources more effectively.
54427	The extent to which the use of technology has had a positive or negative impact on the ability of the organization to engage in more effective organizational planning.
54428	The extent to which the use of technology has had a positive or negative impact on the ability of the organization to perform more effective evaluation of financial data on policies and programs.
54429	The extent to which the use of technology has had a positive or negative impact on the ability of the organization to improve the ability of the organization to coordinate the activities of office personnel.
54430	The extent to which the use of technology has had a positive or negative impact on the ability of the organization to improve the overall quality of decision making within the organization.
54431	Lack of opposition to the introduction of information technology within the organization.
54432	Support from top management within the organization for introduction of information technology.
54433	Supportive environment across all management levels within the organization for introduction of information technology.
54434	Clarity of user needs when designing and purchasing hardware and software.
54440	Perceived positive impact of technology on overall decision making within the organization.
54441	Perceived positive impact of technology on the timeliness of decision making within the organization.
54442	Perceived positive impact of technology on coordination of complex activities within the organization.
54443	Perceptions of increasing fiscal scarcity in  the state.
54445	Perceptions of political influences hampering the introduction of information systems technology (IST) within the organization.
54447	Organizational attitude toward the information systems function.
54450	Support for innovative activities and adaptability.
54451	The employee's welfare  working conditions  and participation in decision making.
54454	The importance of corporate management to understanding the role of management information systems (MIS) and its potential contribution on an international scale.
54455	The importance of balance between data security and data availability in the international domain.
54456	The importance of integrating data processing  telecommunications  and automated office technologies on an international scale.
54457	The importance of policy guidelines  communication  and support of end-user computing.
54458	The importance of communication quality  availability  and cost.
54459	The importance of standardized information exchange  e.g.  electronic data interchange (EDI) or trade data interchange.
54460	The importance of claiming to be successfully using information systems (IS) technology for competitive advantage.
54461	The importance of data and technology being managed so that information is accessible to the right people in a timely manner.
54462	The importance of quality assurance of telecommunications operations.
54463	The importance of long-term international telecommunication decisions .
54464	The importance of the effectiveness with which information systems (IS) can support international information needs.
54465	The importance of the need to balance the advantages and disadvantages of distributed versus centralized operations to take into account different country variables and restrictions.
54466	The importance of recruiting and training.
54467	The importance of quality  faster development  and standardization of software.
54468	The importance of postal  telegraph  and telephone monopolies.
54469	The importance of the strategic implications of the technology and the potential impact on telecommunications.
54470	The importance of becoming aware of the potential difficulties that can be encountered when operating in other countries.
54471	The importance of management information systems (MIS) planning in the context of complex multinational information systems.
54472	The importance of the size of the local market.
54473	The importance of electronic mail  trade data interchange  electronic document distribution  remote computing  and remote database applications internationally among the same enterprise and among different enterprises.
54474	The importance of heightening user awareness of data and databases external to the organization and their potential uses in an international context.
54475	The importance of local cultural constraints that may force software modification tailored to local languages and ease of use.
54476	The importance of legal restrictions on the transfer of data.
54477	The importance of requiring that hardware and software be purchased locally.
54478	The importance of preconditions that already exist with respect to installed information systems.
54479	The importance of the sharing of information systems among companies.
54480	The importance of the banning of certain types of telecommunications equipment.
54481	The importance of a common language to technical communications  documentation  and communication among personnel.
54482	The importance of the availability of a transportation system and utilities.
54483	The importance of integration of factory systems with corporate information systems in the international context.
54484	The importance of international data centers that are cost effective and competitive.
54485	The importance of restrictions on the export of data-processing equipment and software to some countries.
54486	Service or manufacturing.
54488	Geographic area  functional area  product area  international division  or matrix.
54489	Centralized  decentralized  or distributed.
54494	Perceived satisfaction with core job dimensions.
54495	Perceived satisfaction with rewards and recognition.
54496	The degree to which clear information is lacking regarding the expectations associated with a role  the methods for fulfilling role expectations  and/or the consequences of role performance.
54497	The extent to which a given information system actually contributes to achieving organizational goals.
54498	Attitude toward use of the resulting information systems (convenience of access  currency of reports  timeliness of reports  reliability of reports  relevancy of reports  accuracy of reports  and completeness of reports).
54499	Actual usage of the system in hours per month.
54500	The success of all computer applications in the small business  taking into account the importance of individual applications.
54501	The extent that an individual faces the simultaneous occurrence of two or more role requirements for which the performance of one precludes the performance of the other.
54502	The impact of the information systems on the performance of the business (pretax profit  sales revenue  staff productivity  competitive advantage  operating cost  and quality of decision making).
54506	The extent that the employee has too much work or work that is beyond one's capability.
54507	Consultant relationship between consultant and other parties in the project such as the CEO  users  and vendor.
54510	The extent that an individual experiences the symptoms of anxiety resulting from his/her work situation.
54514	Vendor relationship with other parties in the project such as the CEO  users  and consultant.
54515	The business engages separate consultants and vendors.
54516	The business engages vendors who also provide consultancy service.
54538	Consisted of six levels from “some high school” to “graduate or professional degree”.
54545	Professionals or supervisors and managers.
54546	Technical  managerial  or consulting.
54547	The degree to which employees interact and communicate with others outside of their departments.
54548	Annual salary in the current position  ranging from below $25 000 to $65 000 or above.
54550	Participants’ perception of their chances for promotion to a higher position sometime during their career with the company.
54553	The emotional reactions of individuals to their jobs and their job experiences.
54557	The identification with a particular organization and the desire to maintain membership in that organization.
54560	How long participants thought they would continue to work at their company.
54623	The project managers’ estimates of the specificity of the supported object system and the level of using existing systems as a basis for requirements.
54624	The characteristics of the information system that cause problems to identify user needs.
54625	System analysts’ and users’ knowledge of the supported business.
54626	System analysts’ ability to elicit and users’ ability to specify requirements for the system.
54627	The adequacy of the information system (IS) staff and user abilities  success of the development phases  and controllability of the development process.
54628	The adequacy of the capabilities of information system (IS) staff and users involved in the use process  effective communication between them  and the consequent responsive IS services.
54629	The quality and flexibility of user interface and format  and the reliability and relevancy of the information of the information provided to the users.
54630	The changes that occur through use of the system with positive impact on the organization’s efficiency and profitability  on decision making and control  as well as on the communication processes and possible reorganization.
54631	Procurement is internally developed.
54632	Procurement is developed together by internal and outside resources.
54633	Procurement is developed mainly by outside resources.
54634	Procurement is a software package that was modified extensively.
54635	Procurement is  a software package.
54636	The system is highly specific to one company and involve high uncertainty in terms of functionality  user interfaces  and the competitiveness of the business supported.
54637	The system meets the need of a group of organizations with some variety and dynamics of requirements.
54638	The system is common to many organizations with rather stable requirements and low uncertainty about their functionality.
54639	The developer has specialized knowledge about the company  its users  and information systems  and it is assumed that they communicate easily with the users.
54640	The developer has capabilities of solving generic problems and specifying even complex integrated systems.
54641	The developer has high product-specific knowledge and skills relating to methods and packages but only common knowledge about user organizations.
54643	The extent of electronic data interchange (EDI) use in sending purchase orders electronically (if implemented in the purchase area) or a system for sending sales invoices (if implemented in the sales area).
54644	The extent of integration of electronic data interchange [EDI] in organizational activities.
54645	The extent to which the firm is successful in linking with external partners and converting its external transaction documents into electronic form.
54646	The satisfaction with the innovation among various stakeholders—users  top management  customers/suppliers  information systems (IS) and functional manager.
54647	Degree to which the electronic data interchange (EDI) system is compatible with existing systems.
54648	Degree to which the electronic data interchange (EDI) system is perceived as being consistent with the existing values  beliefs  and value systems.
54649	Amount of time elapsed since electronic data interchange [EDI] was integrated.
54650	The degree to which the electronic data interchange [EDI] system is perceived as being better than the idea it supersedes.
54651	The degree to which the electronic data interchange (EDI) system is perceived as relatively difficult to understand and use.
54652	Perceived cost relative to benefits of initial investment  training  and integrating electronic data interchange [EDI] with other information systems [IS] applications.
54653	The degree to which aspects of an innovation may be conveyed to others.
54654	Whether the Electronic data interchange [EDI] system was implemented in purchasing or sales.
54718	Groups participated in a face-to-face conference.
54720	Groups participated in a computerized conference.
54724	Participants used a software program for election of a group leader before discussion  and were provided instructions allocating  specific functions to this leader.
54728	Groups periodically received tables of summarized data showing central tendencies  and dispersion for the choices of the group members.
54734	Participants were given a task that required  rank ordering  or priority  setting and had a correct or criterion  solution.
54737	Participants were given a qualitative   value-laden human relations problem.
54743	Groups were arranged with all members  approximately  equal distances apart (e.g.  a circle of five).
54745	Groups had one randomly selected person placed at the  head of the table  position.
54880	Agreement among prediscussion ranking.
54881	Agreement  reached at the end of the discussion itself  whether the ending occurred automatically  because all rank orders agreed  or because time ran out.
54882	Agreement after the end of discussion  the participants were asked to report their  perception  or  best estimate  of what the group decision was.
54883	What the participant themselves really think the proper rankings of the items should be.
54884	Ratings of the medium of communication for giving and receiving information.
54886	Ratings of the medium of communication for getting to know someone.
54889	What each participant thought the decision that the group came to was.
54890	What each participant thought their individual decision was.
54896	Subjects' willingness to commit additional resources to the project.
54897	Participants were asked to play the role of project initiator  received a case that provided positive feedback on the early history of an information technology (IT) project and were asked whether they would authorize the funds needed to complete the project. They were then given another case in which they were informed that the project had run into several obstacles and were asked to make a second funding decision.
54898	Participants were asked to imagine that they were taking over a project midstream (after the initial funding decision) because the project initiator had moved to another position within the company and asked to make the second funding decision (whether they would authorize funds needed to complete the project).
54899	Participants were assigned to a treatment condition representing different levels of sunk cost.
54900	Participants were asked whether they would authorize the funds needed to complete the hypothetical project and given an alternative course of action if they would not authorize the funds.
54901	Participants were asked whether they would authorize the funds needed to complete the hypothetical project and not given an alternative course of action.
54902	United States or Finland.
54981	Such as a specific decision  plan  recommendation  list of priorities  definition of work statement  solution to problem  and the like.
55636	Less than or equal to $250 million  $251-500  $501-1000  $1001-2500  $2501-6000  or greater than $6000 million.
55701	Participant’s intention to use a wireless handheld device for performing general tasks.
55702	Participant’s intention to use a wireless handheld device for performing transactional tasks.
55703	Participant's level of preference to perform each general  gaming and transactional task.
55704	Supervisor's expectations of performance are significantly higher than subordinate performance capability.
55705	Supervisor's expectations of performance are equivalent to subordinate performance capability.
55706	Negotiation between the subordinate and supervisor happened face-to-face.
55707	Negotiation between the subordinate and supervisor happened over a web-based system.
55800	Senior managers' assessments of the extent to which the project provided the desirable features and functionality  met its business objectives  and its overall success at the time the completed project was delivered.
55812	The system the participant used had a personalized system.
55813	The system the participant used did not have a personalized system.
55814	Participant's overall evaluation of the system  including evaluations of information content  personalized services  user interface  and system value.
55815	Whether the number of news items presented to the user was 20 or 40.
56130	Participants were offered knowledge of different content domains with complementary knowledge comprising general and specific knowledge.
56131	Participants were offered knowledge of different content domains with knowledge of substitutes comprising only general knowledge.
56179	The participant was using a product  recommendation agent (PRA) that utilized speech output.
56180	The participant was using a product  recommendation agent (PRA) that utilized textual output.
56181	The participant was using a product  recommendation agent (PRA) with a computer-synthesized speech generators that is designed to read the output text aloud.
56182	The participant was using a product  recommendation agent (PRA) that can engage the user in interactions that are more similar to face-to-face conversations  as users are provided with more visual signals from the agent.
56183	The participant was using a product  recommendation agent (PRA) that cannot engage the user in interactions that are more similar to face-to-face conversations.
56184	Caucasian or Asian.
56457	Participants used a group decision support system without a problem-modeling tool.
56531	The fit between a software developer's preferred cognitive style and the perceived software development job environment cognitive style.
56532	Participants discussed the scenarios in a traditional round table format (face-to-face).
56587	Participants did not receive practice trials using multimedia immersive trainer before attempting to solve the criterion trial.
56588	Participants used an interface with only plain text and static images.
56806	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the nonpunitive alternative is based on their own values.
56807	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the no-action alternative is based on their own values.
56810	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the nonpunitive alternative is based on the possible consequences.
56811	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the no-action alternative is based on the possible consequences.
56816	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the nonpunitive alternative is based on the possible consequences and their own values.
56817	Participant's evaluation of how ethical the no-action alternative is based on the possible consequences and their own values.
56874	Moral intention to choose the punitive alternative.
56875	Moral intention to choose the no-action alternative.
57108	Data flow diagram (DFD) or object-oriented analysis (OOA).
57109	Subjects used TCBWorks  a group support system (GSS) that provided electronic communication with parallelism  anonymity  and group memory.
57110	Subjects interacted verbally.
57111	Information was only given to one subject.
57243	One large unit with homogenous function  control purpose  trade administration division  and supporting role or 4 small units with specialized functions  facilitation purpose  trade information and investment services division and strategic role.
57245	Number of staff.
57246	Repetitive  stressful  labor-intensive  control focus  and hands-on or creative  tolerable  technology-intensive  speed focus  and hands-off.
57248	Size of control span and whether supervision for clerks occurred.
57250	Type of input control (manual or automated) and whether input control was before or after document approval.
57252	Phone  mail and documents or electronic messages.
57254	Trade volumes and inquiries handled.
57255	Number of various types of service requests processed.
57257	Assessments of performance from the Trade Development Board (TDB) management perspective.
57258	Linkages between Trade Development Board (TDB) and those public- and private-sector organizations.
57259	Changes in organizational and division-level mission statements and investments in new subsidiaries due to TradeNet.
57264	Information on software piracy was not provided to the participant.
57405	The proportion of time the group spent using the different categories of process support (no group support system  chauffeured  supported  and interactive).
57406	The proportion of meeting time involving process structure.
57408	The proportion of time in which the tool providing electronic access to pre-meeting information.
57410	The proportion of time spent using a formal methodology that specified how the task should be analyzed.
57412	Idea generation  identification of new opportunities  identification of key problems  and innovation.
57421	Top down communication  bottom up communication  organizational learning  and integration of diverse functions.
57422	Management motivation  management control  anticipation of surprises  and promotion of flexibility.
57526	An objective measure of performance  net premiums written as a percent of benefits paid.
58062	In the attention funnel interface  a series of linked rectangles dynamically links the visual field to the spatial location of the target object.
58063	For the visual highlight interface  a 3D bounding box was placed so as to appear spatially registered at the location of the target object.
58064	For the audio instruction condition  visual search was directed by playing a prerecorded audio description of the target object for the user via a pair of headphones.
58272	The participant was in a group that used either electronic brainstorming without a graph or a graph with neither a baseline nor background color changes.
58273	The participant was in a group that viewed a graph with a baseline and color changes and were informed of their progress seven times throughout the forty-minute brainstorming session in a very neutral  monotonic fashion.
58274	The participant was in a group that viewed a graph with a baseline and color changes and received reinforcement of the competition  rather than a dull notice of progress  with the mythical  average  group.
58275	No goal (no baseline of number of lines during brainstorming)  low goal (baseline of 140 lines during brainstorming)  average goal (baseline of 210 lines during brainstorming)  or high goal (baseline of 310 lines during brainstorming).
58276	Participants were not given a goal attainment treatment.
58277	Participants were given a goal that was possible to attain and did attain that goal.
58278	Participants were given a goal that was not possible to attain and did not attain that goal.
58366	System user or supervisor.
58618	To manipulate  reputation  one site was a reputable computing magazine that was expected  to enjoy a high level of familiarity and trust. The second was the site of a vendor of  laptop computers. This site was modeled on real vendors' Web sites; bowever  a fictitious  company name and logo were used to be certain that the organization would be  unknown to subjects and therefore be expected to elicit a lower level of trust based on reputation.
58654	Before or after radiology information system and picture archiving communication system (RIS/PACS) implementation
58706	Five to eight persons.
58852	The expectation of losses associated with the release of personal information to the location-based service (LBS) provider.
58853	In the pull-based scenario  when consumers wanted to look for promotional information or coupons from merchants in the vicinity  they could dial a certain number and their location would be detected automatically via their mobile phones. The requested coupons from the nearest merchants would then be delivered to their mobile phones via text messages.
58854	The push-based M-coupon service would involve recruiting consumers by service registration and interest subscription: consumers first registered their mobile phone numbers and subscribed to a list of merchants that provided M-coupon services  based on their interests and preferred period of time for receiving coupons. Profiling information would then be used to target the subscribers  and their mobile phones would be sent related promotional information when they came within the vicinity of the merchants.
58855	Compensation was manipulated by providing some participants a $0.20 rebate on the consumer’s monthly phone bill for every 10 coupons received via text messages.
58856	Industry self-regulation was manipulated by presenting some subjects with a TRUSTe seal with a URL link to the online privacy policy of the service provider. A brief introduction explaining the mission of TRUSTe was also given to the participants in the industry self-regulation treatment group.
58857	Government regulation was manipulated by informing some subjects that location-based service (LBS) transactions were governed by a recently activated legislative act which covers the collection and use of their personal information.
58918	Chief information officer (CIO)  information systems (IS) middle manager  manufacturing  sales  or finance.
58945	The information systems' [IS] impact on strategic direction. An effective IS function enhances the organization's competitive position through the development of new systems and the maintenance of systems that support overall organizational goals. IS should take the lead in the application of IS resources.
58946	The integration of information systems [IS] with corporate planning. To promote the achievement of organizational goals  IS planning must be ties to organizational planning and must allow for inputs from top executives.
58947	The quality of information outputs. Information systems [IS] functions are designed to provide information. They should be judged on accuracy  usefulness and timeliness of information they produce. They are also indirectly responsibly for the quality of user-generated output.
58948	Information Systems contribution to organization's financial performance. Financial measures are widely used in organization to determine performance.
58949	The Information Systems [IS] operational efficiency. As computers become more a part of the daily business cycle  system availability  reliability  and responsiveness of hardware and software become critical. The IS function must ensure high quality and close to zero defects.
58950	The User/Management attitudes about Information systems [IS] function. In today's environment of end-user computing  user satisfaction and perceptions of IS responsiveness  service level  and quality of IS products determine IS effectiveness.
58951	The Information Systems' [IS] staff competence. An effective IS function is able to recruit and maintain a technically and managerially competent staff  and is able to interface successfully with users and management throughout the organization.
58952	Integration with related technologies across other organizational units. Information systems [IS] continually interacts across all business functions. There must be a smooth  cost-effective flow of information across the entire organization. Stand-alone pockets of technology may inhibit the flow of information in the organization.
58953	Adequacy of system development practice. An information systems [IS] function is more effective if it promotes an organized approach to system design  development  and documentation through the organization. The development should be on time  within the budget  and should deliver the right product.
58954	Ability of information systems function to identify and assimilate new technologies. The IS function must promote an innovative climate that encourages its staff and organizational users to capitalize on new technologies. Consolidation of new technologies must update obsolete systems  by cost-effective  and not reduce service.
58955	Information System personnel development.
58956	Adequacy of data security administration.
58957	End-user training and support.
58958	Adequacy of contingency planning.
58959	$500-$749 million  $750 million to $1 billion.
58960	5 000-10 000  1 000-4 999.
58961	The number of organizations with revenue greater than $1 billion.
58963	Manufacturers  Finance/insurance/ real estate  Wholesale/retail/trade  Petroleum/energy  or other.
58964	The percent of information systems budget compared to total revenue.
58965	The percent of information systems budget that is allocated to new system development.
58967	Centralized  Decentralized  or distributed.
58970	Placement of the Information systems department head in the organization's hierarcy.
58974	The size of the Information systems function staff and budget
58975	Impact of computer downtime.
59015	Store a as a baseline Web site or store B as a baseline Web site.
59016	Team members were assigned modules with little or no shared interface requirements or shared data files.
59017	The project team members were assigned modules with common interfaces.
59018	Implemented by spatial separation of the team members  limiting information exchange through memos that were transferred through the project manager  and by restricting team member face-to-face communication to formally scheduled design meetings.
59019	Implemented by allowing the team members to work together under face-to-face conditions.
59020	Team members were in close proximity where information exchange and collective decision-making could occur informally at any time.
59021	Characterized by spatial separation of the team members (except at brief design meetings) and the use of formal memo exchanges between the team members.
59022	Both team members were given the same goal of either product quality or timely completion.
59023	Each team member was given a divergent goal — specifically  product quality versus timely completion.
59024	Firm size.
59038	Exploiters or innovators (El) (companies first introduce a new competitive use for a particular IT  creative and innovative in the application of leading-edge IT and spend significantly more on IT than their competitors)  competitors or early adopters (CEA) (companies quickly follow the lead of innovators but only after the technology has been proven)  or participant or effective/efficient followers (PEEF) (eventually move to an information technology out of necessity  not because of innovation).
59094	A firm’s evolution in its management orientation planning aspect of its information technology (IT) function.
59095	A firm’s evolution in its management orientation control aspect of its information technology (IT) function.
59096	A firm’s evolution in its management orientation organization aspect of its information technology (IT) function.
59097	A firm’s evolution in its management orientation integration aspect of its information technology (IT) function.
59112	Respondent's satisfaction with the strategic information systems planning (SISP) methodology.
59113	Respondent's satisfaction with the strategic information systems planning (SISP) resources  processes and output.
59167	Group development over a total of five sessions.
59208	Treatment used traditional face-to-face communication among students of the group throughout the whole task.
59209	Number of architecture roles that each organization has defined (chief architect  enterprise architecture management team  architecture team  and key stakeholders).
59210	Indication of the extensiveness of architecture role definition in the firm: Infrastructure architects  to analyze and set standards for the information technology (IT) infrastructure components; application architects  to analyze and set standards for applications  internal and external interfaces  and the control and flow of information between applications; information architects  to analyze and set standards about business information (logical and physical) and associated relationships; and business architects  to analyze and document business processes  scenarios  and information flow.
59211	The extent to which each architecture team has defined processes to ensure adequate stakeholder representation in the standards setting  changing  and communication process  as well as the extent to which business analysts work closely with the architects in each architecture team.
59212	Participants in the no-support control condition met each other without any automated aids for visualization support.
59213	The extent to which the work by each architecture team is influenced by and kept up to date with external industry standards and the extent to which each architecture team has defined processes to ensure adequate conformance and designated means to consider exceptions to conformance.
59214	The extent to which infrastructure planning and management is centralized in the corporate information technology group or decentralized in lines of business or the extent to which approval and prioritization of application development projects and information technology development and implementation are centralized in the corporate information technology group or decentralized in lines of business.
59215	The extent to which there was heterogeneity in the following components used across projects or lines of business: hardware and network components  middleware  and tools.
59216	The extent to which multiple groups in different business units provided similar services in: security  disaster planning  and business recovery services; managing electronic linkages to suppliers or customers; and infrastructure services (supporting hardware and middleware).
59217	Percentage of the key application systems supporting the core business processes that were integrated by a common middleware approach (e.g.  using “integration bus/hub” or synchronous/asynchronous messaging) and the extent to which functional boundaries of individual applications and components have been clearly defined.
59218	Whether the respondent organization had formally and sufficiently identified data to be shared across lines of business; whether the customer entity was perceived and interpreted in a common fashion by all systems and lines of business; whether key business performance indicators extracted from information technology (IT) systems were readily available to decision makers who required the information; the percentage of data that the organization would like to share across lines of business that was currently sharable.
59269	Whether the group used computer mediated communication (CMC) technology.
59270	Whether the chief executive officer (CEO) is a member of the steering committee.
59271	Perceived linkage between information systems as a strategic resource and the organization's strategic direction.
59272	The extent to which the user feels that the information strategic plans will enhance their job performance and contribute to the success of their organizational goals.
59273	Perceived attention given by the steering committee to resource allocation for information systems.
59276	Information technology  Engineeering and design  Knowledge-based applications  Research  or other.
59301	In the matrix format  the brands were organized in blocks with three brands in each row.
59302	For the browsing task condition  the subjects were allowed to choose any brand for each of the six product categories. The cover story was simply that  as online shopping was getting popular  they might want to try it out for themselves on the Web site.
59303	Students were required to build a commercial-type Web page.
59304	The LAN project required the project group to install  configure  troubieshoot  and operate a network comprised of an NT Server  NT Woi-kstation  and Windows 95  clients.
59305	The WAN project required the group to design and select a WAN architecture.
59306	Each message posted to the bulletin boards  rated for for contribution of the content.
59307	Hours spent learning the software package  analyzing the application  designing the project  programming the project  testing the project  and documenting the project.
59356	Feelings toward using a personal computer (PC).
59364	In both courses  presentations were required of the teams  and these were evaluated and scored by the instructor. The resulting scores were normalized and averaged across the two courses to create a single score per team for presentations for the semester.
59389	Groups were not provided with a table of items in order of their mean ranking by all group members.
59390	The sum of the absolute deviations of each of the items from the criterion solution.
59416	How formal (using project meetings  scheduled work sessions  and progress  reports) the relationship is between the mentor and intern.
59450	Participants were asked to use a pseudonym in submitting their brainstorming ideas.
59451	Participants were asked to use  their real name in submitting their brainstorming ideas.
59455	Participants' generation of items that represented characteristics  concepts  or issues they believed contributed to object-oriented (OO) system complexity.
59456	Participants' verbal suggestions of categories after viewing the concepts from the previous Brainwriting exercise.
59457	Participant's placement of each concept into one of the categories based on the similarity of the concept to the category definition and to other concepts placed in the category by that participant.
59458	The importance of a category to object-oriented (OO) system complexity.
59459	The influence of the category in each row on the category in each column.
59460	Participants were in studies that were conducted using variations of the Self-Q technique for cognitive mapping.
59461	Participants were in a group that was provided with a group support system.
59462	Number of concepts identified in the individual study.
59463	Percentage of individual concepts matched.
59464	Concepts matched by individual in the group support systems (GSS) study.
59465	Concepts matched by others in the group support systems (GSS) study.
59476	Expected physical facilities.
59477	Expected ability to perform service dependably and accurately.
59478	Percieved physical facilities.
59479	Percieved ability to perform service dependably and accurately.
59491	Consultant effectiveness in performing information requirements analysis  in recommending a suitable computerization solution  in managing the implementation  and the relationship between consultant and other parties in the project.
59492	Adequacy of technical support during information systems (IS) implementation  adequacy of technical support after IS implementation  quality of technical support  adequacy of training provided  quality of training provided  and relationship with other parties in the IS implementation project.
59494	The presence  or absence  of privacy and customer feedback for the rating.
59495	The presence  or absence  of an independent third party and independent verification for the seal.
59496	The vendor statement included  or did not include  self-report statements of a money-back guarantee (risk insurance) and security.
59497	The presence  or absence  of information on reputation (i.e.. site described in a Wall Street Journal article).
59640	Support from top management that provides sufficient influence  power and resources to push the system change through.
59641	Public transport organization (PTO) employee's belief in Land Transport Authority's (LTA) vision for change for the smartcard system.
59642	A common sense of urgency among the people involved (in the affected organizations) so that they are willing to commit to the card system change.
59643	Cooperation in the joint working committees while working together on the smartcard system implementation and public change processes.
59644	Management of human and other resources such that system goals are achieved within time and cost constraints and
59645	Whether feedback about the limitations of the new system was conveyed back to the Land Transport Authority (LTA) by the public transport organizations (PTOs).
59646	Publicity activities to introduce Ez-Link to the public.
59647	Commuters' familiarity with the Ez-link card in the community.
59648	A common sense of urgency among the people involved (in the community) so that they are willing to commit to the card system change.
59649	Mass of commuters using the Ez-Link card.
59650	Articulation of the connections between the new system and corporate success and developing the means to produce further system change as well as to optimize the benefits.
59651	Effectiveness of incorporating the Ez-Link smartcard system.
59652	Ease of use  likes and dislikes of Ez-Link smartcard system.
59667	During each supported face-to-face meeting  participants employed a shared group editor called ShrEdit. Participants sat face-to-face and performed their tasks by speaking to one another as in unsupported face-to-face meetings. However  each participant also employed a common ShrEdit document to record important points raised during discussions.
59668	With the electronic conferencing system. Confer II  participants could not see or hear each other. Messages were exchanged by posting responses to a conference topic set up for each group.
59669	With the electronic mail system  participants could not see or hear each other. A mailing list was set up for each group. To send a message  participants entered the mailing list name for their group. Mailed messages  with sender names appended  were received immediately and resuited in a statement of message receipt on the monitors of tbe participants.
59670	Participants came up with a written plan to reduce the substance abuse problem on the university campus.
59671	Participants came up with a written plan to reduce the housing problem for students.
59672	Singapore or the United States.
59673	Team members' concerns and assessments about the factors influencing performance within the team: motivation and factors such as staff turnover and motivators.
59674	Team members' concerns and assessments about the factors influencing performance within the team: micro-and macro-culture.
59675	Team members' concerns and assessments about the factors influencing performance within the team: benefits of the investment and improved performance  for example  operational cost savings.
59676	Team members' concerns and assessments about the factors influencing performance within the team: performance  such as the quality of decisions or actions.
59677	Team members' concerns and assessments about the factors influencing performance within the team: incestment andenvironment for improved performance.
59678	Stand-alone e-mail (Pegasus mail  Microsoft Outlook  Hotmail  etc.)  teleconferencing (NetMeeting  CU-SeeMe  etc.)  videoconferencing (NetMeeting  CU-SeeMe  etc.)  data conferencing (NetMeeting  Evoke  WebEx  etc.)  web-based groupware (EGroups  Yahoo Groups  Open Topics  etc.)  proprietary groupware (Lotus Notes  IBM Workgroup  ICL TeamWARE  Office  Novell Groupwise  etc.)  electronic meeting systems (GroupSystems  TeamFocus  MeetingWorks  Facilitate.com  etc.)  or other.
59680	Whether the firm uses computers to retrieve data  respond to inquiries  produce reports  store data  for decision stimulation  coding programs  processing data  transmitting reports  and displaying graphics.
59681	Whether the environmental data came from customers  the national economy  competitors  prospects  or government.
59682	Whether the firm obtained competitor information from clipping services  corporate annual reports  sales call reports  or purchased reports.
59684	Whether the firm uses computer-assisted mathematical model for operating budget  pricing strategy  new product evaluation  reorder point  economic order quantity  facility location  product deletion  salesperson assignment  routing deliveries  advertisement media selection  or to approve credit.
59685	Whether the most supported level of management was top  middle  or lower level.
59686	Whether the most supported function of management was planning  organizing  staffing  directing  or controlling.
59687	Whether the most supported marketing ingredient was product  price  place  or promotion.
59732	The program application was developed by end users (M.B.A. students enrolled in a course on CIS fundamentals).
60587	United States or Japan.
60732	Changes in visiting frequencies by a customer.
60733	Dummy variable to capture unobservable firm-specific effects.
60800	Whether the firm has a strategic IT vision that is automate (the ultimate role of IT is to replace expensive  unreliable human labor with information technology)  informate up (IT provides information to higher levels of the organization more easily and efficiently to aid their organizational control and coordination roles)  informate down (IT is used to distribute key information to lower levels of the organization in order to enhance the information reach of “front-line” organizational members and empower them with relevant knowledge and information)  or transform (IT is a vehicle for fundamentally altering the structure and competitive forces of the industry where the firm operates).
60870	The participant is information systems personnel.
60871	The participant is an information center employee.
60920	United States  United Kingdom  Canada  Australia  New Zealand  other.
60921	Full-time  part-time  and unemployed.
60922	Professional  semi-professional  blue-collar  and white-collar.
60988	Supervisor ratings of each of their Information systems employees on qualities associated with the task component of job performance.
60989	Supervisor ratings of each of their Information systems employees on qualities associated with relationships information systems employees had developed with their organization and its members.
60990	Whether the employee's overall performance was satisfactory or unsatisfactory.
60991	Employees' career advancement prospects  promotability  as rated by the supervisor.
61024	An individuals' willingness to engage in problem solving tasks.
61025	Whether the subject was a student versus a professional.
61026	Whether the subject was supported by spatial decision support system during the task or not.
61027	Whether the problem was low  medium  or high complexity.
61028	The time the subject began and finished completing the task.
61029	The agreement between the subjects' ranking and the correct ranking.
61071	The participants’ indication of the extent to which they believed that the conclusion produced by the system was true or reasonable  before they received explanations offered by the system.
61072	The participants’ indication of the extent to which they believed that the conclusion produced by the system was true or reasonable  after they received explanations offered by the system.
61073	The change in the extent to which the respondent believed that the conclusion produced by the system was true or reasonable  from before to after they received explanations offered by the system.
61074	The frequency of requests participants made for each explanation type: trace (a record of the inferential steps taken by an expert system (ES) to reach a conclusion)  justification (an explicit description of the causal argument or rationale behind each inferential step taken by the ES)  or strategy (a high-level goal structure that determines how the ES uses its domain knowledge to accomplish a task).
61075	Elapsed time between keystrokes and the average time participants spent examining individual explanations (in seconds per 100 words of text).
61079	Importance of power balance between local and corporate organizational units in making distribution decisions at the project level.
61080	Importance of information processing and communication requirements in making distribution decisions at the project level.
61081	Importance of decision making and control considerations in making distribution decisions at the project level.
61082	Importance of economic considerations in making distribution decisions at the project level.
61083	Importance of cultural diversity in making distribution decisions at the project level.
61084	Importance of external environmental constraints in making distribution decisions at the project level.
61085	Substantial global vs. global vs. domestic.
61086	The percentage of the independent travel agency's business directed to the focal airline (American Airlines) whose information system is primary in the agency business operations.
61088	Use of sales management and report tracking system which American Airlines executives used to develop their particular approaches to dealing with the travel agent.
61089	The combinatory power of the presence of the reservation systems at the travel agent's site and the potential of American Airlines using sales management and report tracking system to influence their actions.
61093	Percentage of travel agency's contacts regarding business issues during the past year with this carrier's sales representatives provided the travel agency with information on qualified accounts  provided the travel agency with information on competitors  and discussed the overall strategy of the travel agency's distributorship.
61095	The extent to which this representative provides the travel agent with reliable information  accurate information  detailed information  and complete information.
61096	Total annual dollar sales for the travel agency.
61097	The software contained an idea bank with over 705 000 possible associations of topics  phrases  and words. Using the idea bank  an individual could support the processes of divergent thinking and remote association by browsing through and pondering the listed topics and ideas. In addition  it provided a question bank of over 3 000 questions designed to support thought processes such as flexibility  memory retrieval  and pattern switching.
61098	The package provided a means for users to embellish  emphasize  and polish ideas. Specifically  the software enabled a user to type concepts into  idea-boxes   which could then be linked laterally or hierarchically.
61099	No software was used.
61100	The conventional application readily allowed users to create and arrange boxes  charts  and text-based outputs but no creativity support.
61101	The number of ideas generated by each subject.
61102	The extent to which each response was rated as new  unique  and different.
61103	The extent to which each response was rated as realistic or worthwhile.
61104	An individual's perceived self-confidence  need for individuality  abstract thinking ability  analysis capability  desire for task achievement  and degree of environmental control.
61129	The degree to which the actions of the system were under the conscious control of the user.
61130	The change in knowledge required to perform the task using the system  consistent with the component task complexity.
61131	How use of the system impacted task performance on a variety of dimensions  namely speed of performance.
61132	How use of the system impacted task performance on a variety of dimensions  namely quality of performance.
61133	The degree to which the task contained non-routine activities that varied from task to task prior to using the system.
61134	The degree to which the task contained non-routine activities that varied from task to task after the system was adopted.
61135	The degree to which the work performed in the task constituted an identifiable whole prior to using the system.
61136	The degree to which the work performed in the task constituted an identifiable whole after the system was adopted.
61137	The degree to which the task was perceived to affect the work of others prior to using the system.
61138	The degree to which the task was perceived to affect the work of others after the system was adopted.
61139	The degree to which decisions were under the control of the task performer prior to using the system.
61140	The degree to which decisions were under the control of the task performer after the system adoption.
61141	The maximum number of actual users compared with potential users over the life of the system: unfinished prototype; completed prototype of application  never adopted within the organization; application completed and achieved only limited adoption by the organization or targeted customers; application completed and achieved moderate levels of adoption; application completed and achieved widespread or universal adoption among intended users.
61142	The degree to which the system was being used at the time of the survey: never intended to be used  never been used  not presently in use  in use by a number of users which has declined significantly from an earlier maximum level  in use by a stable number of users at or near the maximum level  in use by a number of users and use continues to grow.
61144	One of three development shells-shell  language  hybrid environment.
61145	One of three representations-rules  induction and frames.
61146	Two interfaces-front end to existing application and enhanced conventional system (i.e.  embedded).
61147	Whether the input source was signal processing.
61148	One of three types of delivery hardware-minicomputer  AI workstation and mainframe.
61150	Cracking and using computer services by misidentification of self.
61151	Illegal software copying.
61152	Sabotaging a competitor's security system  identifying customers  and causing the system to  crash.
61153	Fraud involving a programmer in a bank concealing an overdraft and  borrowing  funds temporarily by manipulating the computerized accounts and writing and spreading viruses that erased files or ignored some of the user's commands.
61154	Writing and spreading viruses that wished the user to  have a nice day   and fraud involving adjusting the bank's accounting system to avoid a service charge.
61156	The presence of punishments that have a deterrent effect.
61157	Whether sanctions were ever enforced.
61159	Peoples' tendency to ascribe responsibility to oneself or to diffuse and depersonalized others.
61161	Whether the perpetrator differentiates strongly between harm done to an individual and harm done to an organization.
61162	Whether the manager of the information systems (IS) department for each company said the company had a generic code of ethics.
61163	Whether the person in the vignette was justified or did nothing wrong.
61167	How satisfied participants are with how work is measured by computer.
61171	Abilities of employees to balance demands for work quantity and quality: if increased management pressure meant that the quality of participants’ work suffered and whether they could get more work done without a drop in its quality.
61175	Number of customers the consultant persuaded to apply for company credit.
61176	Average length of calls  the average length of calls plus the time taken to process them  the total number of calls  and the amount of time taken for breaks.
61177	One call was randomly tape-recorded once every two months for each consultant  and observers watched the call on their computers  listening to the call and watching the screens that appeared and the data entered as the call occurred.
61178	Employee choice of attribute they thought was the most important part of their job: productivity  customer service  getting along with others at work  effort  accuracy  and attendance.
61179	Employee choice of attribute they thought was the most important to the company: productivity  customer service  getting along with others at work  effort  accuracy  and attendance.
61180	Whether participants had seen a doctor for one or more of six specific health problems since they had started their jobs: headaches  blurred vision  and back  hand  ear  and jaw problems.
61181	How closely supervised respondents were.
61182	The extent to which participants received direct supervision.
61183	The extent to which participants received indirect supervision.
61184	Which of the following monitoring practices were employed: computerized work performance monitoring systems  in the form of the data entry system and the phone system  and service observation.
61185	Evaluation of quality of work  customer/employee relations  adaptability to changing conditions  initiative  quantity of work  accepts responsibility  and economy of work performance.
61186	How calls were processed  based on both keystrokes and dialogue.
61187	A measure of tone of voice and inclusion of certain optional phases  such as  Will you hold  please?
61189	The ratio of time plugged in to the time operators were supposed to be plugged in for their shift.
61190	Average time spent on calls.
61191	A reflection of how operators behaved while in the facility  things such as adherence to rules and attitude.
61192	Call evaluation on the use of the proper scripted opening  attitude  listening skills  grammar  mentioning the availability of overnight delivery  and use of the proper scripted closing.
61202	Greeting  using the caller's name  friendliness  listening.
61203	Schedule quote  sales quote  closing the sale.
61204	Whether the consequence of the risk is assumed to be without significant influence on the success of the project or the consequence of the risk factor is expected to be fatal to the success of the project.
61205	How high the probability of the consequence of the risk in question is.
61207	The quality of the information systems group's work product  the ability of the information systems group to meet its organizational commitments  and the ability of the information systems organization to meet its goals.
61208	The ability of the information systems group to react quickly to line needs  its responsiveness to the line group  and the contribution the information systems group has made to the line group's success in meeting its strategic goals.
61209	An understanding among information systems (IS) and line managers of the technologies and processes that affect their mutual performance.
61210	An appreciation among information systems (IS) and line managers of the technologies and processes that affect their mutual performance.
61211	An understanding and appreciation among information systems (IS) of line managers for the technologies and processes that affect their mutual performance.
61212	The expectation shared by the information systems (IS) and line groups that they will meet their commitments to each other.
61214	Ability of groups to affect the key policies and decisions of each other.
61217	Participants used two software tools that provided electronic communication with parallelism  anonymity  and group memory and then requested a vote whenever they were ready to a vote.
61218	Participants were instructed to first exchange information without voting and then verbally request a vote whenever they were ready to a vote.
61219	Comparison of the percentage of common information exchanged by the group / total amount of common information available to the percentage of unique information exchanged.
61220	The percentage of available unique information that supported their pre-discussion preferences that each participant chose to contribute.
61221	The percentage of available unique information that opposed their pre-discussion preferences that each participant chose to contribute.
61222	The percentage of available unique information that was neutral their pre-discussion preferences that each participant chose to contribute.
61223	The information recalled by each participant at the end of the group discussions.
61224	Whether the group had sufficient information to the discussion to identify the optimal alternative and actually selected that alternative as their decision.
61225	The degree to which participants thought about and used information contributed by others.
61227	The degree of accuracy participants attributed to information contributed by others.
61228	The number of minutes required for the group to reach a decision.
61229	Whether the groups made the optimal decision.
61230	Each participant’s change in individual decision before group discussion and after group discussion.
61231	Respondent’s rating of the market for their company's products  the competition for their company's products  the demand of their major customers  the degree of loyalty of their major customers  and the frequency of price-cutting in their industry.
61232	Perceived potential benefits of adopting an open system: no longer constrained by proprietary systems  more choice for hardware and software  better utilization of information technology resources  promote flexibility and integration  and allow transparent data access.
61233	Perceived potential barriers to open systems migration in their organizations relative to their local conditions: high cost for migration  existing information systems personnel are only familiar with proprietary systems  and infeasible to dispose of existing proprietary systems.
61237	The degree of heterogeneity of the information technology environment in terms of both hardware and software: number of mainframes  number of distinct operating systems  number of personal computers  number of applications  number of additional applications needed over the next 12 months  and number of applications currently used in the organization.
61239	The number of formal policies or standards (relating to tasks performed in systems development and management) being used in the organization.
61240	Project control  feasibility study  budget estimation  schedule estimation  requirements analysis  systems design  program design  coding  testing  documentation  and conversion.
61241	Whether organizations met each of three specific criteria: an open system migration plan had been developed  the plan had already been endorsed by top management  and a financial budget and a migration schedule had been approved.
61242	1993  1994  or 1995.
61243	Expected physical facilities  equipment  and appearance of information systems (IS) personnel.
61244	Expected ability of information systems (IS) to perform the promised service dependably and accurately.
61245	Expected knowledge and courtesy of information systems (IS) employees and their ability to inspire trust and confidence.
61246	Expected caring  individualized attention the service provider gives its customers.
61247	Expected willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
61248	Perceived physical facilities  equipment  and appearance of information systems (IS) personnel.
61249	Perceived ability of information systems (IS) to perform the promised service dependably and accurately.
61250	Perceived willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
61251	Perceived knowledge and courtesy of employees and their ability to inspire trust and confidence.
61252	Perceived caring  individualized attention the service provider gives its customers.
61254	The extent of interdependence among various business locations (sites) in terms of the intensity of information flows among the sites.
61255	The degree to which the authority to make information systems decisions related to management of information systems personnel is located at the apex of the information systems organization.
61256	The degree to which the authority to make information systems decisions related to selection of hardware and software is located at the apex of the information systems organization.
61257	The degree to which the authority to make information systems decisions related to information systems operational control is located at the apex of the information systems organization.
61258	The degree to which the authority to make information systems decisions related to information systems project planning is located at the apex of the information systems organization.
61259	The percentage of each of the four categories of information systems resources (hardware  application software  data  and information systems personnel) located at central vis-a-vis local sites.
61260	The degree to which local data resource management units independently perform the data resource management functions for their sites.
61261	Database administration efficiency and effectiveness objectives.
61262	Strategic planning and information requirement analysis objectives.
61263	Extent of success in training of/support to both information systems (IS) personnel and end users' objectives
61264	Standard setting and enforcement objectives.
61265	Enhanced data sharing and reduced data redundancy objectives.
61266	The overall success in implementation of the data resource management function.
61267	The degree to which an external service provider is perceived to have advantage in production cost economies over an internal bureaucratic management with respect to information systems (IS) services: hardware costs  software costs  and cost of information systems personnel.
61268	The effort  time  and costs incurred in searching  creating  negotiating  monitoring  and enforcing a service contract between buyers and suppliers.
61269	Retained earnings or those internal resources that a firm can tap immediately.
61270	The capacity to generate extra cash from its environment  such as possible resources the firm can pull from the environment at a future date.
61271	Perceived amount of the excess budgetary and funding resources available for information technology investment.
61272	The capability of a firm to create and maintain scale economies  in terms of total firm assets.
61273	The degree of reliance on external service-providers for information systems functions and banking applications  specifically whether the firm is operating primarily through insourced or outsourced arrangements.
61274	The degree of reliance on external service-providers for information systems functions and banking applications  specifically the extent of outsourcing across eight different functions such as planning  security  communications  etc.
61275	The degree of reliance on external service-providers for information systems functions and banking applications  specifically the extent of outsourcing of standard banking applications such as demand deposits  installment loans  and bond accounting systems.
61278	Number of purchase orders issued in 1994.
61279	Size of the fleet for which parts are purchased.
61280	The percent of the purchase orders placed in 1994 that were in response to an existing  or impending  Aircraft on Ground situation.
61281	The purchase orders in 1994 that were placed with each of the following sources: OEMs and distributors regularly used or other sources (brokers/distributors not regularly used  repair agencies  etc.).
61283	Whether respondents currently use inventory locator service.
61284	How extensively participants use inventory locator service to locate suppliers and repair agencies.
61290	Participant's satisfaction with the idea generation process.
61291	Whether participants felt they had sufficient time in the idea generation session.
61292	Groups were given one 30-minute time period to complete the task.
61293	Groups were given three 10 minute time periods  separated by two minute breaks  in which to complete the task.
61294	Groups were given the task as one question attached to one list in which to type their ideas.
61295	Groups were given the task as three questions and three separate lists  each labeled with one of the three subcategories separately (air quality  water quality  land quality) in which to type their ideas.
61296	The number of unique ideas as coded by a rater.
61297	The sum of the quality scores for each unique idea generated by the group.
61298	The average quality of ideas generated by each group (i.e.  total quality divided by the number of ideas).
61299	Quantity of those ideas with a quality rating of 3 or higher.
61300	General  explicit skills (e.g.  programming)  possessed by the firm's information technology staff that are needed to develop information technology applications.
61301	The set of well-known hardware and software technologies that can be purchased from outside suppliers.
61302	The level of raw dollar spending on information technology; in terms of information technology budget per employee.
61303	Perceptions about shared knowledge from the customer side of the customer service and information technology relationship.
61304	Perceptions about shared knowledge from the information technology side of the customer service and information technology relationship.
61307	The policy retention/persistence rate (in percentage) over the most recent one-year period.
61308	Flexibility of a shared set of capital resources that provide the foundation on which specific information technology applications are built.
61309	The employee's perceptions of the practices  procedures  and behaviors that are expected  supported  and rewarded  with regard to customer service.
61310	The number of employees in the firm.
61348	Comprised of strategy dimensions of minimal outsourcing for degree of integration  buy-in contract for allocation of control  and short-term performance period.
61349	Comprised of strategy dimensions of selective outsourcing for degree of integration  fee-for-service for allocation of control  and medium-term performance period.
61350	Comprised of strategy dimensions of comprehensive outsourcing for degree of integration  partnership for allocation of control  and long-term performance period.
61406	Whether the survey was designed to gather information on cases of software project escalation or to gather information on projects that did not escalate.
61409	The frequency of   troubled projects which continued to receive resources even though you thought the project should have been  discontinued or redirected.
61410	Respondent's perception of whether the system was ever successfully completed and if so  whether it was successfully implemented and used within the  organization.
61411	Whether the project was perceived as being delivered on schedule and within budget.
61412	The extent to which the decision maker feels compelled to justify his actions in order to prove to himself that he is  competent and rational.
61413	The extent to which the decision maker feels compelled to justify his actions in order to prove to others that he is  competent and rational.
61415	The extent to which the key decision maker referred to past investments as a reason for project continuation.
61417	Whether the the primary decision maker on a project acts out of self-interest and continues to plow resources into a failing course of action  operated in an environment where  bad news gets you killed   and operated in an organizational climate where association with an unsuccessful project would have an adverse effect on chances for advancement in the organization.
61418	The extent to which the agent(s) could create or exploit a condition of information asymmetry between themselves  and the principal(s).
61420	The extent to which goal proximity  and the need for completion  may have influenced the decision to continue.
61457	Participants used dynamic interface  a type of interface that includes audio  full-motion video  and animation.
61458	Participants used static interface  a type of interface that is built around still pictures of products.
61461	Products that require vision and hearing for inspection.
61462	Products whose evaluation is best accomplished by senses other than vision or hearing.
61463	Participant score on an examination of elements in a presentation with the intention of measuring whether viewers identify the elements correctly.
61464	Participants' attitude toward the product.
61465	Participants' purchase intentions.
61466	Participants distribution of 100 points depending on the degree to which they preferred each individual product between a pair of products.
61468	Previous experience with virtual reality.
61510	The degree to which the client-developer dialog included collaborative elaboration techniques such as assumptions surfacing  examining alternative perspectives  and understanding alternative cause-effect links.
61511	The extent to which the tasks that clients and developers were expected to complete in preparation for the meeting had in fact been completed.
61512	The clients' acquisition of new knowledge that causes changes in requirements that reflect an enhanced understanding of the technology  organizational  and work environment in which the system will operate.
61513	Clients' ratings of the quality of the prototype that the developers generated.
61514	The degree to which the design effort had increased the client's understanding of their and their end-users' work needs  business problems  characteristics of particular information technologies  and project management.
61516	The quality of the developers'command of the language  sensitivity to others' needs  attentiveness  and listening.
61527	Participants assumed the role of a chief executive officer (CEO) looking for information about sales in the company's Division A in order to make a decision.
61528	Participants assumed the role of the head of Division A  who presents information that is supposed to facilitate efficient decision making by the CEO.
61529	Participants assumed the role of the head of Division A  who presents information that is supposed to elicit the CEO's most favorable impression about the performance of Division A.
61530	The group received four presentation formats (three graphs and one table).
61531	The groups received three graphs only.
61532	Participant's choice of presentation format they considered best for their scenario.
61533	Sales of the two products fluctuated moderately during the five-month period  and remained constant for the last two months to create a sense of stability in performance.
61534	Sales for both products increased continually in each month.
61535	Sales for both products declined continually in each month.
61536	Participant's ratings of presentation formats according to the suitability of the format to the scenario they were given.
61537	The dimensionality of the presentation (e.g. 2D  2.5D  and 3D).
61538	The format of presentation used for each scenario (e.g.  bar graph  line graph  pie chart  and table).
61666	Participants experience in the workplace.
61667	Executive  middle management  supervisory  administrative/clerical  or other.
61670	Hours using a computer each week for work.
61672	Years of computer use.
61676	The degree to which the job provides substantial freedom  independence and discretion in scheduling the work and in determining the procedures to be used in carrying it out.
61677	When employees perceive assigned work as exceeding their capability or skill level.
61678	People's perception that they cannot do something because of limitations imposed by their environment such as time or accessibility to a resource.
61680	A user's goal of finding new uses of existing workplace information technologies.
61681	The extent to which using a personal computer enhances the effectiveness of household activities.
61683	The extent to which using a personal computer enhances the children's effectiveness in completing homework and other activities.
61684	The extent to which using a personal computer enhances the effectiveness of performing work-related activities.
61685	The pleasure derived from personal computer use.
61686	The increase in prestige that coincides with the purchase of a personal computer for home use.
61689	The extent to which friend and family influence one another's behavior to use a personal computer.
61691	The extent to which information from television  newspaper  and other secondary sources influences behavior.
61692	The extent to which coworkers influence behavior to use a computer.
61693	The extent to which rapidly changing technology is associated with fear of obsolescence or apprehension regarding a personal computer purchase.
61694	The extent to which the cost of a personal computer is decreasing in such a way that it inhibits adoption.
61695	The extent to which the current cost of a personal computer is too high.
61696	The degree to which using the personal computer is free from effort.
61697	The individual's belief that he/she has the knowledge necessary to use a personal computer.
61698	Respondents' intention to purchase a personal computer.
61700	The number of adults in the household.
61701	The age of the youngest child in the household.
61717	How useful the system and the information it provides is in determining goals  policies  and courses of action  e.g. budgeting.
61718	How useful the system and the information it provides is in collecting and preparing information  e.g.  sales analysis.
61719	How useful the system and the information it provides is in liaising with other departments  managing upwards  e.g.  meetings.
61720	How useful the system and the information it provides is in assessing proposals and financials  e.g.  approving requests.
61721	How useful the system and the information it provides is in directing  leading  and developing subordinates.
61722	How useful the system and the information it provides is in recruiting  promoting  and transferring employees  e.g.  interviewing.
61723	How useful the system and the information it provides is in purchasing  selling  dealing with unions  e.g.  working with suppliers.
61724	How useful the system and the information it provides is in advancing organizational interests externally  e.g.  speeches
61725	Importance of the system to the business unit.
61727	Perceived number of accesses to the system by the manager's department.
61728	How easily the source code can be understood and maintained.
61729	The degree to which its data is accurate.
61730	How well a system performs its expected function.
61731	Ease of learning and use of a system.
61733	How useful the system is and the information it provides.
61734	How the system performs from a technical perspective.
61747	The extent to which the medium allowed them to be personal  expressive  and emotional.
61748	Perceptions about the medium's interface related to its ease of use and simplicity.
61749	An evaluation of a medium's performance attributes related to its ability to permit quick  accurate  and meaningful exchanges.
61750	Members in the face-to-face groups met at the same time and were arranged so that each was in full view of the others.
61751	Groups in the distributed-synchronous condition met at the same time but in four difference rooms containing networked computers. No fact-to-face interaction among group members was allowed.
61752	Asynchronous group members were not allowed to meet simultaneously  and instead signed up in advance for different session times.
61760	The overall or average level of interdependence among all plants of an organization.
61761	The changes to the enterprise resource planning system to meet the needs of an individual plant.
61762	The time elapsed since enterprise resource planning implementation: 1-11 months  12-23 months  24-35 months  36-47 months  or 48 or more months.
61763	Whether there were more efficient internal business processes.
61764	Whether there was better coordination between different units of the firm.
61766	The overall business impact of enterprise resource planning on that plant.
61767	The number of employees at the firm.
61768	The number of employees at the division.
61769	The number of employees at the plant.
61770	The level of difference between that plant and the organizational norm on a number of key characteristics  such as the volume and variety of products produced.
61797	Manager's indication of how much influence each source had on forming their opinions.
61798	Respondent's estimation of how many hours per week they spent on keeping up-to-date on both information systems management and management issues.
61799	The physical location of the information systems (IS) manager with respect to the chief executive officer (CEO) (same floor in the same building  different floor in the same building  different building in the same city  or different city).
61800	Most often used mode of two-way communication between the Information Systems manager and the chief executive officer (CEO) for an important problem (face-to-face or telephone).
61801	Most often used mode of one-way communication between the Information Systems manager and the chief executive officer (CEO) (written memo or via boss).
61802	The number of reporting levels to the chief executive officer (CEO).
61803	What sources of information Information Systems managers normally use to keep up-to-date on information systems management and management issues such as discussions with other professionals  hardware vendors' reports  industry seminars  industry newspapers  software vendors' reports  visiting other organizations  or consultants.
61804	Manufacturing and Processing; Finance  Banking and Insurance; Educational Institutions; Wholesale and Retail; Transportation  Communication  and Utilities; Government Agencies; Health Services/ Hospitals; Other.
61805	Respondent's time spent working for the organization.
61806	The perceived importance of telecommunications for achieving the long and short-term objectives to the organization.
61807	The organizational support for telecommunications.
61809	Whether or not respondents' firm has a steering committee.
61810	The amount of time the steering committee had existed in the organization.
61811	Telecommunications steering committee and planning practices.
61812	Telecommunications steering committees' major tasks identified by the respondents.
61819	The number of information center employees.
61820	The proportion of information center personnel with computer background.
61821	The proximity of the information center to users classified as in the same building  within walking distance  or distant.
61822	The number of services provided by the information center.
61823	The number of corporate databases made available to users for data extraction.
61824	The number of software tools made available and supported by each information center.
61825	The percentage of information services budget allocated to the information center.
61900	The user information satisfaction  system usage  and voluntary system usage.
61901	The extent to which users perceived they had been consulted and their views incorporated into the system.
61902	The end users' perception of management support.
61903	The user's assessment of the worth of the system once it is fully operational prior to implementation.
61904	The user's assessment of the worth of the system once it is fully operational post-implementation.
61906	Subjects used the entity-relationship (ER) with the entity-relationship query language KQL.
61907	Subjects used the relational model with the relational query language SQL.
61908	Graders' overall assessment of the correctness of the answer  including both semantic and syntactic accuracies.
61910	Subjects' confidence in their answer immediately after each answer.
61940	The average perceived effectiveness of meeting outcomes.
61941	The average perceived effectiveness of meeting processes.
61942	Whether the rater was the participant or the meeting initiator.
61945	Whether the participant filled the role of proceduralist (a procedure person  moderator  or agenda-keeper).
61946	Whether the participant filled the role of recorder (record-keeper).
61947	Whether the participant filled the role of evaluator (such as a devil's advocate or critic).
61948	Whether the participant filled the role of explainer (an elaborator  coordinator  orienter  summarizer  or amplifier).
61949	Whether the participant filled the role of information/opinion seeker (questioner).
61950	Whether the participant filled the role of information/opinion giver.
61951	Whether the participant filled the role of idea generator.
61952	Whether the participant filled the role of follower (a listener or information receiver).
61953	Whether the participant filled the role of motivator (an energizer or encourager).
61954	Whether the participant filled the role of gatekeeper (a participation monitor/expediter).
61955	Whether the participant filled the role of mediator (a harmonizer  compromiser  or conflict handler).
61956	Whether the participant filled the role of tension-releaser (jokester).
61957	Whether the ratings were given pre- or post-meeting.
61960	The number of times that each role was mentioned as being filled by the TeamFocus technology.
61961	Whether the participant was a first-time user of TeamFocus.
62220	Supervisor ratings of each of their employees on 21 qualities.
62279	Each subject's total novelty and value rating scores.
62443	Whether the manager of the information systems (IS) department for each company said the company had an IS-specific code of ethics.
62498	The number of infrastructure services in each firm from the list of 23 firm-wide services.
62499	Infrastructure services that are clearly and actively integrative  supporting information flows and transaction processing beyond one functional area.
62500	The business scope of reach of firm-wide information technology infrastructure.
62502	The business scope range of firm-wide information technology infrastructure.
62503	The firm's strategic intent.
62504	The firm’s desired leadership position.
62505	The motivation of the changes being undertaken for business process redesign.
62508	The nature of the changes being undertaken for business process redesign.
62510	The outcomes of business process redesign.
62511	The firm's total information technology investment (dollars invested in all computers  hardware  software  communications  phone  fax  data  and the people dedicated to providing information services) over the past five years  together with the proportion that was firm-wide information technology infrastructure (the information technology investment provided centrally as services and shared throughout the multi-business unit firms).
62512	How the firm justified investment in information technology infrastructure: cost savings  flexibility.
62520	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of proceduralist (a procedure person  moderator  or agenda-keeper).
62521	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of recorder (record-keeper).
62522	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of evaluator (such as a devil's advocate or critic).
62523	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of explainer (an elaborator  coordinator  orienter  summarizer  or amplifier).
62524	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of information/opinion seeker (questioner).
62525	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of information/opinion giver.
62526	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of idea generator.
62527	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of follower (a listener or information receiver).
62528	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of motivator (an energizer or encourager).
62529	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of gatekeeper (a participation monitor/expediter).
62530	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of mediator (a harmonizer  compromiser  or conflict handler).
62531	The extent that the participant expected to fill the role of tension-releaser (jokester).
62532	Participants had computer support in generating alterative  evaluating them  and choosing a solution through software that provides a set of structures in the form of linked software tools  as well as global structures such as anonymity  simultaneity  process structuring support  electronic recording and display  and enhanced information processing capabilities.
62533	Participants did not have computer support.
62534	The group member's perception of how openly the group dealt with conflict and how effectively the group handled it.
62535	How close members feel to each other and their attraction to the group.
62537	The four tasks developed for this study were randomly assigned to all participating groups.
62541	Manager's rating of the importance of each issue.
62749	The extent to which individuals perceive the job rotation as providing immediate or expected personal rewards worth the effort.
62750	The extent to which former information technology professionals felt the broader skills they had acquired while in information technology would help them succeed in their unit jobs.
62753	The overall risk that participants had taken in moving to a non-information technology job.
62756	Employment practices and compensation  attracting employees to different areas of the firm or creating barriers for internal mobility.
62760	Strength of relationships between business areas and the information technology department.
62764	Importance of the perceived status differences between information technology and line jobs.
62766	The need for information technology skills in the business units.
62767	Formal career planning programs and senior management support for information technology-to-business unit transfers.
62779	The extent to which participants feel a certain dissatisfaction with the present situation with the information technology job.
62783	Conscious planning on the part of individuals in preparation for future moves out of information technology.
62784	The time required to acquire new skills  establish new relationships  or adapt to the politics of the new environment and the initial loss of productivity.
62785	Whether participants had people they could talk to about the job opportunity and about problems encountered after they moved.
62787	How participants feel about their move now  whether they would do it again  and whether they would recommend to other information technology professionals or other firms.
62822	Available financial slack  potential financial slack  and perceived financial slack.
62838	The sellers revealed through the initial search carry identical products.
62840	The buyer's primary objective is more likely to be to find the seller with the best product fit and minimize the  product fit costs  that the buyer must incur if he/she purchases from some other seller.
80429	Satisfaction with pay  with colleagues  and promotion opportunities.
80430	An individual’s degree of experience and the frequency with which he or she has performed virtual work in the past three years.
80431	An individual’s belief in his or her   ability to use computer technology broadly.
80432	An individual’s belief in his or her ability to work and perform joint tasks with others in virtual settings.
80433	Individuals’ understanding of the uniqueness of social activities in virtual settings and the skill to deal with it.
80434	An individual’s skill level (versus his or her confidence as in self-efficacy above) in using technologies to communicate in virtual settings to their full potential.
80435	An individual’s knowledge  skills  and ability to collaborate and communicate with others in virtual environments for the purpose of completing collaborative work.
80468	User's desire for online interpersonal awareness.
80474	Frequency/experience with information management.
80475	Information privacy concerns were measured as four subdimensions: collection  error  unauthorized secondary use  and improper access.
80476	United States and China
80479	Blogging technologies   Social networking (including facebook and myspace)  e-mail technologies  instant messaging technologies.
80481	The ability to facilitate highly confidential conversations.
80482	Support for control over communication.
80483	Ability to provide reciprocity in communication.
80484	Support for highly intimate  one-no-one conversations.
80485	Which technology they would most prefer to use if they were to have an intimate interpersonal conversation online where they cared about their privacy.
80499	How frequently users use the system.
80574	An indicator of an entity's structural position within the network.
80576	Team members were asked to assess other members on their extent to task performance on the project.
80577	The number of connections to others
80578	The extent of affinity of an individual with other members in the network.
80579	The extent to which an individual is in a position to act as a gatekeeper for information that flows through the network.
80580	Data about attitudes  opinions  and behaviors of different actors  which are “regarded as the properties  qualities  or characteristics” of different individuals or groups.
80581	Participants were asked to rate every network partner  on a particular dimension using a single item.
80583	Whether the team member is in the United States and Scandinavia (both Norway and Denmark)
80584	Five self-reported items capturing individual team members’ ability to communicate with users and others  management of the project  maintaining relationships with users/clients.
80585	Participants team number.
80586	The degree to which the participants found the decision aids easy to use  and easy to get the system to do what they wanted it to do.
80587	Participants in the unaided condition were not given questions to answer and went straight to answering the test questions.
80588	Participants in this condition responed to indirect cue elicitation questions  which the system analyzed in forming its recommendation.
80589	Participants in this condition received a recommendation from the decision aid automatically.
80590	Participants in this condition responded to indirect cue elicitation questions  which the system analyzed in forming its recommendation. Participants then recieved a recommendation from the decision aid automatically.
80592	A hit occurs when the observer concludes that deception has occurred and when deception is actually present.
80593	A false alarm  or false position  occurs when the observer concludes that deception has occurred when deception is not actually present.
80594	The distance between the signal and noise distributions for each condition.
80595	Items to elicit cues in the following categories: complexity  engagement  plausibility  uncertainty  cooperativeness  anxiety  affect  and suspicion.
80757	The degree of connectedness   among people within a particular team.
80762	To what extent a team’s technological infrastructures supported team members’ communication  documentation  and decision making.
80767	To what extent group members do not share   overlapping work hours.
80774	The intensity of their connection in terms of emotional closeness.
80777	Total number of each individual’s direct links with other actors outside the group.
80778	The extent to which each individual occupies a structurally advantageous position  connecting otherwise unconnected people in one’s extra-group social network.
80779	The degree of use of personal electronic media  such as e-mail or instant messaging  to support individuals’ communication and information exchange.
80780	The degree of use of group support technology or collaboration tools   (e.g.  video/audio conferencing  group scheduling or other group collaboration software) for idea generation  problem solving  and group decision making.
80785	The extent to which group members worked with one another in the previous projects at the group level.
80786	Participants were shown an additional screen notifying them about the successful or unsuccessful outcome of controls applied.
80787	No control validation screen was shown to users
80788	The user received a shipping notification report stating that all items ordered were shipped with an expected delivery date that matched exactly the user specifications.
80789	The shipping notification report said that only half of the quantity ordered was shipped  and that it was expected to arrive at the customer’s location five business days later than required.
80790	The user was notified that his or her order was received and would be shipped the next business day.
80791	Currency  accuracy  relevance  completeness  and reliability aspects of the data exchange.
80795	User’s intent to continue use of the exchange.
80797	One’s sense of security from guarantees    safety nets  or other impersonal structures inherent in a specific context.
80798	Baseline (T1) or two weeks later (T2).
80799	Either affirmations or repudiations of one’s self-concept that are expected to follow from engaging in the behavior.
80802	The extent to which the supplier has fulfilled the buyer’s requirements in terms of price  timeliness of delivery  input quality  and supplier flexibility.
80803	Rewards that one expects from engaging in the behavior in question.
80804	Punishments that one expects from engaging in the behavior in question.)
80805	The approval or disapproval by the functional unit (e.g.  department) in which all personnel report directly to the same supervisor (or manager) and interact to complete unit tasks.
80808	Participants read  “Alex is a senior manager at your organization  which recently installed a computer system for customer record management. the IT department gave users their own  usernames and passwords. Different users have different levels of access to the system  (e.g.  what they can see and what they can do). For security and privacy reasons  the IT department implemented a policy stating that users are accountable for the information they access. Users are required to keep their passwords to themselves and not let  other people know or use them. users who fail to follow the policy may be subjected to disciplinary actions ranging from warning to termination of employment. Finding it difficult to remember the password  Alex wrote down her user name and password on a sticker and attached it to the computer she usually uses.”
80809	Participants read  “Chris is a business manager at your organization. Periodically  Chris makes presentations to your organization’s business partners or works from home. As a result  Chris often uses personal USB drives to copy data back and forth. Your organization’s IT policy  however  prohibits users from attaching unauthorized devices to the corporate network and computers. The IT department argues that the use of unauthorized devices can cause security problems  such as loss and disclosure of confidential corporate data and spreading of computer viruses. Employees who fail to follow the policy may be subjected to disciplinary actions ranging from warning to termination of employment.”
80810	Participants read  “Jordan is a business analyst at your organization. Jordan uses computers on a daily basis to do financial analysis and prepare management reports. Jordan recently was given a new computer. However  the new computer is missing a piece of software that Jordan needs for preparing reports. Believing that purchasing the software may take some time  Jordan managed to download and install an open source but similar software (free of charge) from the Internet. Installation of unauthorized software  however  is not permitted according to your organization’s policy. The IT department insists that unapproved open source software may damage security  and expose the corporate network to external attacks. users who fail to follow the policy may be subjected to disciplinary actions ranging from warning to termination of employment.”
80811	Participants read  “Kelly is an accounting manager at your organization. Kelly uses a corporate laptop while traveling to other sites or working from home. Kelly often brings the laptop to do some work when having a coffee at coffee shops. One thing that Kelly likes is that many coffees shops nowadays offer free wireless Internet access. The IT policy of your organization  however  does not allow its employees to use public free wireless connections for business purposes due to security reasons. Most free wireless connections and communications are not encrypted and may be intercepted by hackers. Users who violate the policy may be subjected to disciplinary actions ranging from warning to termination of employment. Although aware of the security policy  Kelly  continues to use free public wireless access when working out of the office.
80814	Case 1 described the issues that arose from a campus LAN (local area network).
80815	Case 2 centered on issues from using WAN (wide area network) and ATM (asynchronous transfer mode) technology.
80816	Case 3 presented issues relating to the migration of LAN
80817	The degree of disagreement among the experts in the identification and rating of knowledge constructs.
80818	The extent of knowledge captured.
80819	A firms’ resource investment in the consortium  including their participation in various consortium activities (e.g.  new requirement proposal  work group meetings  testing  voting  and feedback provision) as well as their promotion of the consortium and its standard.
80820	The expected business value directly derived from using the e-business standards.
80821	Expected knowledge or organizational know-how obtained from consortium participation.
80822	Expected resources obtained by establishing institutionalized relationships with other consortia members.
80823	A firm’s expertise in consortium-based standardization.
80824	How effectively the consortium   coordinates standard development activities.
80825	Firm's annual sales.
80826	The number of consortium members  and consortium history refers to years since   the consortium inception.
80827	Years of a firm’s participation in the consortium/consortium history.
80828	A percentage of total tangible wealth.
80829	Whether the firm is either an information technology vendor or a user of the standards.
80830	The extent to which IT is used in each stereotypical business activity that typically occurs in each business process.
80831	Strategic planners' allocation of 100 points to the operational excellence discipline representing how much focus they associated with this discipline.
80832	Strategic planners' allocation of 100 points to the customer intimacy discipline representing how much focus they associated with this discipline.
80833	Strategic planners' allocation of 100 points to the product leadership discipline representing how much focus they associated with this discipline.
80834	Whether the firm's ideal level of IT use in each process (supplier relations  production and operations  product and service enhancement  sales and marketing support  and customer relations) was above average  average  or below average when comparing firms with different value disciplines.
80835	Firm performance in supplier relations.
80836	Firm performance in production and operations.
80837	Firm performance in product and service enhancement.
80838	Firm performance in sales and marketing.
80839	Firm performance in customer relations.
80840	Year in which data were collected.
80841	European Union or United States.
80842	IT percentage of sales.
80844	Manufacturing or services.
80845	Ease of navigating a scene with   centrality of orientation.
80846	The ease of grasping the organization of   the scene.
80847	Diversity in a scene.
80848	The curiosity perceived while   investigating a concealed landscape    which was unseen at first glance.
80849	The structural firmness of a building  measuring the extent to which a building is “firm” enough to protect its residents from environmental threats such as rain  heat  or snow.
80850	The visual clarity dimension of a Web site  including the following design   attributes: aesthetic  pleasant  clean  clear  and symmetrical.
80851	Users’ perceptions of the creativity and originality of the site’s design.
80852	Evaluations of an object based on beliefs and knowledge structures.
80853	Evaluations of an object based on emotions  feelings  and gut reactions.
80854	The ability to use and to control the use of objects.
80855	The investment of an individual’s energy  time  effort  and attention into objects.
80856	The state in which individuals feel as though the target of ownership or a piece of it is ‘theirs’.
80876	A behavioral response to perceived kindness and unkindness  where kindness comprises both distributional fairness as well as fairness intentions.
80879	The project’s newness on the application concept  application design  core features  core functionality  and conceptual design.
80880	The project’s newness on the project methodology  development tools  development process  and business processes implemented in the software.
80881	The extent to which the information technology unit understood the following about the  business rules  business processes  day-to-day business routines  and a holistic understanding of the client department’s work.
80882	The extent to which the client department understood the system architectures  programming languages  detailed technical design  application development tools  and software development methodologies.
80883	The stage of the project at which the information technology unit and the client department reached consensus on important features  critical functionality  key project constraints  acceptable design trade-offs  and resolution of conflicting requirements.
80884	The extent to which the development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client department’s project needs  quality expectations  functional requirements  and objectives.
80885	The extent to which the development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client department’s project needs  quality expectations  functional requirements  and objectives.
80886	The extent to which the client department’s requirements for the project could easily be documented  explained to the It unit in writing  and communicated formally (e.g.  via documents  requirements  code comments  and manuals).
80887	The extent to which the project team used the following to interpret and integrate knowledge from the information technology and client departments formal reports and memos  information sharing meetings  face-to-face discussions  and formal analysis of earlier projects.
80888	The extent to which the project’s outcomes were substantially influenced by the client department’s predefined project deadlines  budget constraints  and project goals.
80889	The extent to which the client department mandated the procedures that it expected the information technology unit to accomplish project goals  ensure the system met client department requirements  and ensure project success.
80890	The extent to which the client department expected project team members to self-manage the development process  set specific goals for the project without the client department’s involvement  and define specific procedures for project activities without client department involvement.
80891	The number of individuals involved in the   project.
80892	How much a software team incorporates changing requirements in system scope  input data  output data  business rules/processes  data structure  and user interfaces.
80893	The relative level of time  cost  personnel  and resources needed by the software team to respond to and incorporate a given requirement change.
80894	The extent to which the software team had discretion  freedom  and independence in making project-related decisions  such as  choosing tools/technologies  setting goals  handling user requirement changes  and assigning personnel to the team.
80895	The diversity and heterogeneity of team members’ expertise areas  skills  prior work experiences  and functional backgrounds.
80901	In the Kurton backpack condition  an unknown backpack brand (Kurton  a fictitious brand) appeared first  before the three well-known backpack brands (Columbia  Gregory  and Nike).
80902	In the Columbia backpack condition  Columbia appeared first  followed by Gregory  Nike  and then Kurton. Each SERP displayed eight search results.
80903	Participants indication of whether he or she could recognize the focal  unknown brand among a list of three other fictitious brands.
80906	Participants in the priming condition first heard a five-minute talk about  luxury vacations  given by one of the researchers  then read a brief motivational text  which was surrounded by images of amenities commonly associated with luxury hotels  about travel to Chiang Mai  Thailand.
80907	Participants in the no-priming condition were given instructions that asked them to search for information about “hotels in Chiang Mai  Thailand” using Google.
80908	The display position of the unknown brand is either first or third.
80909	Participants were classified into low or high internet search skills groups based on their scores on the Internet search skills scale.
80912	The provider’s ability to provide knowledgeable  caring  and courteous support (e.g.  joint problem solving or aligned working styles) as well as individualized  attention (e.g.  support tailored to individual needs).
80913	The provider’s ability to ensure that the availability and performance of the software-as-a-service-delivered application (e.g.  through professional disaster recovery planning or load balancing) as well as the responsiveness of support staff (e.g.  24-7 hotline support availability) is guaranteed.
80914	The vendor’s ability to perform the promised services timely  dependably  and accurately (e.g.  providing services at the promised time  provision of error-free services).
80915	The degrees of freedom customers have to change contractual (e.g.  cancellation period  payment model) or functional/technical (e.g.  scalability  interoperability  or modularity  of the application) aspects in the relationship with an software-as-a-service  vendor.
80916	The degree the key functionalities (e.g.  data extraction  reporting  or configuration features) and design features (e.g.   user interface) of an software-as-a-service application meet the business requirements of a customer.
80917	All aspects to ensure that regular (preventive) measures (e.g.  regular security audits  usage of encryption  or antivirus technology) are taken to avoid unintentional data breaches or corruptions (e.g.  through loss  theft  or intrusions).
80918	Continued information systems usage behavior.
80921	User firm’s level of satisfaction with the ability to perform contracted services  dependably and accurately.
80922	User firm’s level of satisfaction with the service firm's willingness to help customers and provide prompt service.
80923	User firm’s level of satisfaction with the service firm's processes  procedures  systems  and technology that make a service a seamless one.
80924	User firm’s level of satisfaction with the service firm's ability to leverage process knowledge to deliver a range of process enhancements that go beyond performance expectations of the user firm and contracted service level agreements.
80927	Degree of formalization or relational emphasis on control versus coordination.
80931	The amount of information that must be collected  processed  and disseminated across firm  boundaries to address uncertainty in the outsourced task environment.
80941	The probability that too high a level of IC are employed for transactions with high IC and too low a level of IC are employed for transactions with low IC.
80942	Wholesale and retail trade and finance  insurance and real estate.
80943	Participants were asked screening questions by a male embodied avatar.
80944	Participants were asked screening questions by a female embodied avatar.
80945	Participants were asked screening questions by an avatar that had a neutral expression.
80946	Participants were asked screening questions by an avatar that was smiling.
80947	Participant’s perceptions of the agent’s   power.
80948	Participant’s perceptions of the agent’s   composure.
80949	Participant’s perceptions of the agent’s   trustworthiness.
80950	Participant’s perceptions of the agent’s   expertise.
80951	Participant’s perceptions of the agent’s   likability.
80952	The participant was assigned to one of two sequences of statements of truth and of deceit.
80953	Participant's response time to each question.
80955	Harmonic-to-noise ratio.
80960	Whether the participant answered a stressful question during the questionnaire.
80961	Whether the participant lied during the questionnaire.
80963	Participants assembled a realistic  but not operational  improvised explosive device (IED) before packing the IED and an assortment of clothes in a travel bag.
80964	Participants did not assemble an improvised explosive device (IED) and only packed clothes in a travel bag.
80965	The high trust/low distrust (HL) seller  contains both outstanding credibility and benevolence comments. The buyer feels little or no fear due to the presence of effective structural assurances.
80966	The high trust/high distrust (HH) seller contains both outstanding credibility and benevolence comments and also outstanding discredibility and malevolence text comments. The buyer feels fear about the  seller  structural assurances reduce these fears.
80967	The low trust/low distrust (LL) seller does not contain any extraordinary text  comments. The buyer perceives some fear about the seller because of weak structural assurances.
80968	The low trust/high distrust (LH) seller contains only discredibility and malevolence comments. The buyer fears or worries about the seller due to the lack of structural assurances.
80973	The mean price for which the focal product (IPod Nano) is sold on eBay.
80978	Whether the use of USB flash drives is important in their daily lives.
80979	Whether participants generally have strong trust in eBay.
80980	Participants overall attitude toward eBay.
80987	How well the focal firm meets its customers’ operations needs.
80988	Number of employees
80989	Those in the identity-based condition first saw recent activities of their own and other movie groups on their front page and then had the option to click to view group profiles  to communicate with their assigned group on its profile page  and to participate in forum discussion as group members (with group name and icon shown next to their posts).
80990	Those in the bond-based condition first saw recent activities of a small set  of MovieLens users on their front page and had the option to click to view individual user profiles  to communicate with other people on their profile page  and to participate in forum discussion as individual members (with user name and picture shown next to their posts).
80991	When participants in the control condition returned to MovieLens  they continued seeing the old version of MovieLens without any of the new features.
80992	Participants familiarity with the new features  usefulness of the new features  and the reasons they visited MovieLens.
80993	How strongly participants felt attached to MovieLens as a whole  to their movie group.
80994	How strongly participants felt attached to a frequently seen MovieLens member.
80995	The number of days a participant remained as a member of MovieLens.
80996	The average number of sessions participants logged in during the experiment.
80997	The number of posts a participant viewed in the discussion forums per login session.
80998	Movies rated to help one’ movie group.
80999	Movies rated to help a frequently seen  other.
81000	The number of movies that participants rated in a “volunteer center.”
81001	Whether a participant was a newcomer  who had used MovieLens fewer than 30 days before the start of the experiment  or an old-timer with more prior experience with MovieLens.
81002	The extent to which his/her service quality conforms to the criteria set by the firm for service delivery.
81005	Employees knowledge of current trends and fashions that are most popular among customers  major competitors’ promotional and campaign activities that may affect customer preferences and loyalty  tax incentives (e.g.  tax deductions or subsidies) that may stimulate customer consumption  and government regulations that may affect customer decisions.
81006	Employees knowledge of the firm’s current key product/service offerings  instructions for how to use the firms’ products/services  the opportunities for up-selling and cross-selling products/services and the associated benefits for customers (e.g.  price deductions  cost savings  or bonuses)  and the planned phase-in and phase-out of products/services.
81007	Employees knowledge of important service processes (e.g.  sales  activation/deactivation  payments  complaints  etc.) and organizational policies (e.g.  returns  exchanges  etc.).
81008	The degree to which the customers are satisfied with their service  encounters with a specific employee.
81010	Supervisor evaluates the following equally weighted criteria: attendance   discipline  attitude  and compliance with organizational rules (e.g.  dress code  workplace interactions with colleagues and supervisors  conduct).
81016	The degree to which an individual thinks that using a particular system would enhance his or her job performance.
81017	An individual’s positive or negative feeling about performing the target behavior.
81018	Behavioral intention to continue using the system.
81019	Pre- or post-exposure.
81022	Only the name and job title of each team member was presented (e.g.  Charlie is the director of government relations).
81023	Name  job title  and basic key words were presented for each team member (e.g.  Charlie is the director of government relations; Charlie’s interests: state law  government affairs  drafting bills).
81024	Name  job title  basic key words  and a full profile identifying the  additional meta-memory attributes were presented for each team member (e.g.    Charlie is the director of government relations; Charlie’s interests: state law  government affairs  drafting bills; Charlie’s profile: willingness to help—high communications skills—excellent).
81026	The extent to which group members’ knowledge is differentiated.
81028	The extent to which the group works well together with few misunderstandings.
81030	The extent to which group members trust others’ expertise and are comfortable taking their advice.
81036	The ability of a firm’s information technology infrastructure to enable quick development and support of various system components.
81038	The ability of information technology staff to communicate and work effectively with people in other functional areas.
81041	A firm’s general financial performance over the past 3 years.
81042	Perceived information technology contribution to business outcomes.
81044	Operational efficiency of inter- and intra- organizational processes.
81048	Quality of planning for the introduction  utilization  and adjustment of information technology.
81055	Quality of coordination on information technology issues between information technology people and users.
81056	The ratio of  the number of successfully completed tasks (i.e.  participant finding the target page) to the total number of tasks to be performed in the study.
81057	The exact number of clicks a participant used in a task.
81058	The amount of time (in seconds) a participant spent on a task.
81059	The cognitive processing participants underwent when choosing paths to access the target information.
81063	Freshman  sophomore  junior  or senior.
81070	A firm’s relative quality of technical expertise when compared to its peers.
81071	The scope and intensity of an SSF’schannels to external actors with critical knowledge related to IT innovation.
81072	A SSF’s ability to sense its environment and assimilate knowledge related to new technical opportunities.
81073	The degree of a SSF’s engagement in trial and error learning leading to transformation and exploitation of new knowledge.
81074	Forces on a SSF from its customers in areas related to technologies adoption.
81075	The number of hospitals in the health system as a proxy for social influences  RUCA (rural urban commuting area) to account for geographic and regional characteristics    operating expense as a proxy for resource constraints  and type of ownership and IS   strategy to control for management control and strategic mind-set  respectively.
81078	The percent of affirmative responses to questions related to the patient’s experience at the hospital relative to interpersonal issues.
81082	Perceived radicalness was manipulated between base  process and services radicalness.
81083	The number of internet computing innovations in each type adopted and used.
81084	Whether specific cardio-related activities are carried out and the frequency with which they occur.
81085	The number of patients who died within 30 days of their heart-related procedure.
81086	Patients loyalty to the hospital and overall satisfaction with their health-care experience.
81087	A weighted index of all the patient respondents in a hospital capturing their assessment of the hospital.
81088	The number of years the hospital has been operating.
81091	The number of staffed beds in the hospital.
81096	Individuals intention to explore new technology.
81101	The extent to which the participant used each of the system features listed.
81102	The degree to which team members' responses were similar to each other.
81106	The degree to which a goal is difficult to achieve (i.e.  an aggressive budget and schedule goal is more difficult than an ample budget and schedule goal).
81107	The degree to which a goal is described in a specific manner (i.e.  setting a precise figure for the budget and schedule is more specific compared with a vague“do your best” type of statement).
81108	The progress level of a project.
81109	An individual’s determination to achieve a goal.
81114	Doctoral degree  master’s degree  bachelor’s degree  or no response.
81117	The extent to which the focal firm exceeded its main competitors in productivity  profitability  and financial indicators in the past three years.
81118	An individual’s perception that his or her use of the search system is relatively free of effort.
81119	The perceived degree to which the search system enhances performance.
81120	User satisfaction with the search system.
81121	User intention to use the search system.
81122	The task consisted of a patent (grant) number or quick search.
81123	The task consisted of an advanced search.
81124	Nano Mapper  United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)  or National Science Foundation (NSF) search system..
81125	Whether the participants successfully completed the task using the search system.
81126	The amount of time the subject needed to successfully complete the task.
81127	Performance accuracy (the percentage of correctly answered parts).
81128	The explicitness of details specified for coordinating the relationship between the client and vendor.
81129	The explicitness of details specified for coordinating the relationship between the client and vendor.
81130	How closely clients and vendors follow the specified contract very closely  in a mechanistic fashion  by not allowing for any deviations from the prespecified outcomes and procedures.
81131	The amount clients and vendors rely on their ongoing relationship and mutual trust for deciding about emergent operational situations  rather than following the contract very closely.
81132	The achievement of specified quality standards for the developed software.
81133	The appropriate cost savings and financial performance realized for the client through the systems development project.
81136	The vendor firm experience with the specific client.
81137	The vendor employee experience with the specific client firm.
81140	Fixed price contract or time and material contract.
81150	The success of the firm in entering new market and in bringing new products or services to the market as compared to its main competitors in the past three years.
81151	The extent of information technology use in improving the capability of new product development  shortening innovation cycle  and facilitating business process innovation.
81152	The extent to which IT is used to enrich marketing strategies  enhance the capability of sales  and identify unmet requirements.
81153	The extent to which IS are used in decreasing the cost of inventory  purchase  and customer service.
81154	Either a fixed price or a time and materials contract.
81155	Whether or not the information technology service of the software-as-a-service (SaaS) provider is customer relationship mangement (CRM).
81156	Relational norms were conceptualized in terms of communication and sharing of information  trust  dependence  and cooperation.
81158	Whether the provider needs to exert effort in obtaining an in-depth understanding of the tacit client context and needs on investments made by a provider in offering best practices to the   client’s service requirements  investments by the provider in domain-specific knowledge relevant to a client’s context  and customization to client-specific needs.
81159	The extent to which information systems are used in facilitating customer inquiries  analyzing customer information  and identifying potential customers.
81160	The extent of information technology use in reengineering business processes  improving process flexibility  and support supply chain integration.
81161	The extent to which information systems increase the speed of critical business processes.
81162	Verifiables process performance assess service delivery on a host of verifiable aspects of service such as system uptime    implementation and service costs  and improved customer service provided by the software-as-a-service (SaaS).
81163	The importance of service level agreement (SLA) achievements  SLAs on network reliability and security  SLAs on application response time.
81164	The length of time the provider agrees to provide service to the end-user organization.
81165	The sophistication of the information technology planning process  such as considering the effects  of information technology on a firm’s business strategies  analyzing deliberately the opportunity of information technology-based competitive advantage  selecting the appropriate IS planning methodology  aligning information systems strategy with business strategy  and setting proper prioritization of the information technology application  portfolio.
81166	The expectation of future partnership with clients and investment in future needs of clients.
81167	The ability of developing and implementing information systems that satisfy business needs in a cost-effective and controlled manner.
81168	The ability to effectively use information technology functionalities  such as understanding why IS are used  knowing what information technology functionalities are available  and being familiar with how to use these information technology functionalities.
81169	The ability to manage information technology-related issues such as information technology asset and cost  information technology staff development  and vendor relationships.
81170	Tangible information technology resources comprising physical information technology infrastructure such as hardware  software  network  and data.
81171	The problems in estimating personalized service to end users  compatibility with client applications  scalability with future needs of client service requirements from end users  and unexpected problems in deployment  leading to delays in service   rollout and uncertain implementation period.
81172	Whether it is It  senior management  or both who decide to outsource to an SaaS.
81173	Information technology professionals who possess technical skills  knowledge  and experiences.
81175	The principal target when the company markets to a new client.
81176	Governance structure of the information technology function and information technology professionals who possess managerial skills.
81177	Social capital arising from relationships between information technology function and other parties  including internal business functions and external vendors and consultants.
81178	The speed of change in products/services and technologies and the difficulty in predicting rival actions and customer requirements.
81179	The extent to which outsourcing objectives and goals have been  agreed to and explicitly included up  front in the business process outsourcing contract.
81180	The degree of detailed and precisely  defined business process outsourcing service levels.
81181	The ability to adjust quickly and easily to  uncertainties and contingencies that  emerge.
81182	Extent of proactive sharing or exchange  of meaningful and timely information  between business process outsourcing partners.
81183	Degree of expectation that the business process outsourcing exchange partner will act predictably   fulfill agreed obligations  and behave  fairly even if opportunism is possible.
81185	The type of business process outsourced: settlement of securities  settlement of   consumer credit  settlement of credit cards    and domestic payment.
81186	The extent to which the outsourcer holds equity  stake in the vendor.
81187	The extent of information technology support of the business process.
81188	The total assets held by the firm  or alternatively   the total liabilities and shareholder equity  reported by the firm.
81189	The type of ownership structure for the firm:   private  cooperative  savings and loan    or other.
81190	Time elapsed in months since the firm outsourced  the business process.
81191	The extent to which a common definition of process metrics  common language maintaining  integrity of business rules  process logic  and process data have been adopted.
81192	The extent to which the output of the business   process lends itself to reliable and valid   estimates and measurement.
81193	Extent of amicable agreement and joint  resolution among business process outsourcing partners in  conflict situations.
81196	Computer self-efficacy  remote work self-efficacy  virtual media skill  and virtual social skill.
81197	The extent to which the participant has a a strong desire to perform challenging work  to learn new skills  and to develop alternative strategies when working on difficult tasks.
81198	The extent to which the participant is focused on the attainment of favorable judgments of competence.
81199	Participant's perception of the intellectual demands of their current job.
81200	E-commerce vendors provide system-filtered recommendations.
81201	Review written by customers about the quality of products based on personal experiences with the products.
81208	Whether the project involved new software development or reworking of an existing application (such as reengineering and maintenance on existing applications).
81209	Whether the contract used was a fixed price or based on time and materials used.
81210	Number of people on the core team.
81211	The number of previous projects completed for the same client is expected to have   an impact on project performance.
81212	Number of calendar days the project was “open.
81213	The extent of financial risk the software development outsourcing (SDO) project   poses to the vendor.
81214	The total effort on the project.
81219	Search goods vs experience goods.
81221	The extent to which the completed project showed control over project costs and duration and adhered to control and audit   standards.
81222	CIO’s accumulated knowledge and skills with the organization. The CIO's duration of employment at his/her current organization  how many years of work experience they posses in information technology  and their education level.
81223	Top team management membership (TMT)and reporting level. Whether the CIO is a formal member of the organizations TMT and whether or not they report directly to the CEO.
81224	The degree to which the organization supports the information technology (IT) department and IT initiatives.
81225	The degree to which the CIO leads the information technology (IT) department to deliver the required IT services across the organization.
81226	The degree to which the CIO is recognized as an effective business leader within the organization.
81227	The extent that information technology contributes to organizational   efficiency.
81228	The extent that information technology contributes to organizational strategic growth.
81229	The degree to which the organization uses information technology to transform traditional ways of doing business.
81235	Public or private ownership.
81236	Sophomore or junior.
81240	One’s consistent willingness to believe and depend on others across many different contexts and situations.
81242	The general assumption that other people   are not well meaning.
81243	One’s experience with the communicative network used in the phishing attack.
81244	Subject’s proficiency on a 15-question multiple-choice assessment to objectively capture their awareness of information systems security concepts.
81245	Whether the subject answered the deception e-mail with the correct super-secure code (SSC)  failed to respond to the e-mail  alerted someone else about the phishing e-mail  responded with a question or comment to the phishing e-mail  responded with incorrect information to the phishing e-mail.
81246	Users’ cognitive evaluation of the utility of using an social virtual world service in terms of purpose fulfillment and problem solving.
81247	Users’ positive emotions or feelings (e.g.  fun and playfulness) that are derived from the appreciation of an experience for its own sake  rather than from task completion.
81248	The level of trust  respect  and friendliness that characterize the interpersonal relationships between an individual and his or her peers.
81249	The extent to which a system has been modified by a user to suit his or her own needs.
81250	The amount of time and effort that has been spent by a user to learn the routines  procedures  and features of a particular service.In the online service context  learning costs reflect investments “sunk” into becoming familiar with  and acquiring skills required by  an online service.
81251	A customer’s favorable feelings toward a particular service and has long been found to be an important factor affecting the continuance intention of using information technology applications.
81252	The psychological state of a user demonstrating an affective and emotional attachment to the service.
81253	The user determines that the costs associated with terminating his or her use of a service or switching to another one are too high.
81255	Group norms perceived by learners about cooperation among work group members.
81256	Personal SRL strategies  such as self-evaluation and goal setting and planning  for managing personally directed forms of learning
81257	Social SRL strategies  such as seeking peer assistance and social comparison  for managing social-oriented forms of learning.
81260	Participant's satisfaction with e-learning.
81261	The learners’ degree of freedom when selecting training opportunities on the basis of their own needs and desires.
81262	The number of online training courses the participant had previously taken.
81268	The extent to which a job has impact on the lives of people in an organization or society in general.
81269	The extent to which a job involves completing a whole identifiable outcome.
81270	The extent to which a job requires the use of different talents.
81271	The extent to which a job provides the employee with discretion to choose how the work is done and to set the schedule for completing the work activities.
81272	The extent to which carrying out the work activities provides the employee with clear information about his or her performance.
81273	The organizational adoption of a firm-wide enterprise system and represents the preversus post-implementation phases.
81274	The extent of positive emotional response to the job resulting from an employee’s appraisal of the job as fulfilling or congruent with the individual’s values.
81278	Employee grade/level used by the organization.
81279	Classification of clerical  administrative  knowledge worker  or management  in keeping with the classification scheme used in the organization.
81281	Respondents rating of how realistic the given scenario was.
81285	A person committing a deviant act defines himself as lacking responsibility for his/her actions.
81286	Justifying an action by minimizing  the harm it causes.
81287	Whether one neutralizes his or her actions  by blaming those who are the target of the action.
81288	Whether one feels that they are in a dilemma that must be resolved at the cost of violating a law or policy.
81289	The justification that if the rule-breaking is viewed as necessary  one should not feel guilty when committing the action.
81290	Whether an individual believes that he/she has previously performed a number of good acts and has gained a surplus of good will  and as a result of this  can afford to do some bad actions.
81291	The employees’ risk of getting caught and receiving formal sanctions.
81292	The perception that severe formal sanctions took place if caught.
81293	The employees’ risk of getting caught and receiving informal sanctions.
81294	The perception that severe informal sanctions took place if caught.
81297	The number of ideas generated by each individual during the brainstorming phase. A lower number of ideas is indicative of a higher level of social loafing.
81302	Members of the collocated team condition met in a conference room  participants were instructed to individually generate ideas.
81303	Members of the teams in the dispersed condition were physically located in separate rooms and did not have the opportunity to meet face-to-face.
81309	Participants intention to use anti-spyware software.
81311	The degree to which the use of an  innovation is perceived to bolster one’s social standing within his or her peer group.
81315	The degree to which you agree or disagree with the following statements regarding the likelihood of implementing security measures to protect your primary home computer from an attack by hackers.
81322	Participants efficacy of the recommended anti-spyware response.
81323	Participants ability to perform the recommended response.
81324	Participants impressions concerning the threat severity of spyware.
81325	Participants impressions concerning their threat susceptibility of spyware.
81327	Participants were exposed to a pretest survey followed by a fear appeal treatment and a post test survey.
81328	Participants were subjected to the fear appeal treatment and the post test  survey only.
81329	Participants were subjected only to the pretest survey and the post test survey.
81335	Small  medium  or large.
81336	Whether the agency had a security policy.
81337	A commitment to security within the agencies  indicating that management is starting to become serious about the ISS problem.
81338	Maintaining appropriate protection of organizational assets  including that all major information assets should be accounted for and have a nominated owner that helps to ensure that appropriate protection is maintained.
81341	Adequacy of controls for physical and environmental security.
81342	The number of threats being acknowledged by the agency.
81343	The level which security is built into ISS and whether the agency had in-house controls to prevent unauthorized access.
81344	The level at which access control is rated within the government agency.
81346	Requirement to ensure compliance of systems with the organizational security policy.
81347	The group’s positive/negative orientation and feeling toward the technology.
81348	The group's perceptions about the complexity of the technology.
81349	Participants viewed a webpage that had a level of order  from 1 to 3  based on the logical positions of the webpage elements.
81350	Participants viewed a webpage that had a level of complexity  from 1 to 4  that varied based on the number of links  number of graphics  and number of text.
81351	The hypothetical scenario described a fictional situation where an individual similar to the subjects visits a gift website for a birthday gift.
81352	The hypothetical scenario described a fictional situation where an individual similar to the subjects visits a gift website for enjoyment and fun.
81353	The subjective experience of energy mobilization for psychological and motor activity.
81354	Pleasantness or unpleasantness toward the visual complexity and order design features of the webpage.
81355	User's behaviors toward a website  such as staying within a particular website and exploring the site deeper  or leaving the site and moving on to other sites.
81356	The group's perceptions about the task-technology fit.
81357	The group's strength of adoption of the technology.
81359	Individual's rating of their team’s TMS based on their interactions with others on the team.
81360	Perceptions of their organization’s IT support with respect to collaboration  communication  storage  search  and access of information.
81362	Individuals’ perceptions of the degree to which their team members share different forms of knowledge.
81363	Knowledge application within a team.
81364	Whether at least two out of three (67 percent) in a group had been in favor (or not) of the tool chosen by the group  prior to the group interaction.
81365	Quality  efficiency  and timeliness in the context of knowledge workers.
81369	Members perception of if a high-status individual present  who they thought it was  and their opinions of this high-status individual in the group.
81372	An individual's completeness of the solution  correctness of the solution  and the overall quality.
81381	The willingness of an individual to try out any new information technology.
81382	Number of months using Google Docs.
81387	An individual’s reluctance to “cut their losses ” and a tendency to justify previous commitments to a course of action (good or bad) by making subsequent commitments.
81388	Concerns about the time required to learn a new system.
81389	An individual continues using a system because it would be stressful to change  because they enjoy or feel comfortable doing so  or because they have otherwise developed a strong emotional attachment to the current way of doing things.
81390	An individual persisting in using the incumbent system because this is what they  have always done in the past.
81391	An individual consciously continues to use a system even though they are aware that it might not necessarily be the best  most efficient  or most effective way of doing things.
81393	Perceived relative advantages of the incumbent versus new systems.
81396	Participants were provided with misinformation about two factual features of the system aimed at influencing their beliefs about the system.
81397	Participants were provided with  two pieces of misinformation aimed at influencing their beliefs about the system.
81398	Participants in the control condition were not supplied with any misinformation.
81399	Participants were welcomed by an interviewer who introduced herself as an analysit working with the universty's information technology department for the Student Information System Upgrade Project. She conducted the interview and presented participants with information based on which treatment condition they were placed in.
81400	The participants in the survey condition were given booklets with instructions and tasks that they performed by themselves.
81401	The participants beliefs regarding the functionality of the system.
81403	Participants response to a question concerning how often they used the system.
81404	The degree to which using a technology will provide benefits to consumers in performing certain activities.
81405	The degree of ease associated with consumers’ use of technology.
81406	The extent to which consumers perceive that important others (e.g.  family and friends) believe they should use a particular technology.
81407	Consumers’ perceptions of the resources and support available to perform a behavior.
81408	The fun or pleasure derived from using a technology.
81409	Consumers’ cognitive tradeoff between the perceived benefits of the applications and the monetary cost for using them.
81410	The extent to which an individual believes the behavior to be automatic.
81413	Participant's experience using the technology in months.
81414	Participant's intention to use mobile Internet.
81415	Participant's usage frequency for short messaging services (SMS)  multimedia messaging service (MMS)  ringtone and logo download  Java games  browsing websites  and mobile email.
81416	The degree to which users modify their work.
81417	The effort one expends to improve one's usage of the new IT.
81418	The extent to which one actively interacts with the new IT while performing one's job.
81423	The vocal and open expression of negative emotions to others.
81424	The effort one expends to obtain moral and emotional support with regard to the new IT.
81425	The effort one expends to direct one's attention away from the situation and detach oneself from it.
81426	The degree to which they felt happiness  excitement  anger and anxiety at the announcement of the deployment of the new system.
81427	The frequency with which users performed the different adaptation behaviors.
81428	The extent to which they perceived usage of the new system as being mandatory.
81429	The buyer’s overall satisfaction with the supplier’s services  buyer’s appraisal of the supplier’s performance relative to the buyer’s expectations  and buyer’s appraisal of the supplier’s performance relative to an ideal supplier.
81430	The number of years since the date the buyer’s account was created.
81431	The total number of employees in the organization.
81432	The extent of revenue earned by the  supplier from the buyer.
81433	The percentage of money the buyer allocates to a supplier.
81434	A buyer’s overall loyalty to the supplier  buyer’s comfort level with the supplier (buyer does not seriously consider offers from the supplier’s competitors)  and buyer’s likelihood to recommend the supplier to its business associates.
81435	Single-location shipping  multilocation shipping coordination  supply chain visibility  and financial settlement profiles.
81436	The aggregate number of visits and phone calls in the previous year between the buyer and the supplier’s account executives.
81437	The aggregate number of visits or phone  calls in the past year between the buyer and the supplier’s IT executives.
81438	Total volume of shipments for previous year.
81440	Each buyer’s annual shipping expenditures.
81441	Whether the buyer had experienced logistics problems with the supplier in the last year or not.
81443	The number of times the buyer has experienced problems in package handling in the last 12 months.
81444	Who the buy calls when there is a problem with the supplier.
81445	Filler condition in which only included an input and an output screen.
81446	All experimental condition s included an input screen  a filler interface  and an output screen.
81447	The image only filler interface condition included a Las Vegas main strip image.
81448	The text only condition included recent Las Vegas show information.
81455	An employee’s intention to protect the information  and technology resources of the organization from  potential security breaches.
81458	The degree to which the performance of the compliance behavior is positively valued.
81461	An employee’s perceived social pressure about compliance with the requirements of the information security policy  caused by  behavioral expectations of such important referents  as executives  colleagues  and managers.
81462	Interaction of product terms involving information technology and business strategy.
81463	In the five-images-in-sixteen-seconds condition  five different images appeared sequentially during the 16-second wait period.
81464	In the one-image-in-sixteen-seconds condition (static image) only one image appeared during the 16-second wait period.
81465	An employee’s judgment of personal skills  knowledge  or competency about fulfilling the requirements  of the information security policy.
81467	The extent of actual or implemented business activities.
81468	How chief information officer would allocate 100 points among the three value disciplines (operationally excellent  customer intimate  product leadership) with the greatest allocation of points going to that discipline that best represents their business strategy.
81469	Profit as a percentage of total assets.
81470	Profit as a percentage of sales.
81471	The contribution of information technology to firm performance: supplier relations.
81472	An employee’s general knowledge about information security and his cognizance of the information security policy of his organization.
81473	An employee’s overall knowledge and understanding of potential issues related to information security and their ramifications.
81474	The contribution of information technology to firm performance: production and operations.
81475	An employee’s positive feelings  such as satisfaction  accomplishment  and fulfillment  about compliance with the information security policy.
81476	An employee’s perception that her information and technology resources at work are safeguarded as a result of her compliance with the requirements of the information security policy.
81477	The contribution of information technology to firm performance: product and service enhancement.
81478	Tangible or intangible compensation that an organization gives to an employee in return for compliance with the requirements of the information security policy .
81479	Business functioning being impeded since compliance requires an individual to perform certain activities.
81480	An employee’s negative feelings—such as stress  guilt  shame  and embarrassment—that are due to noncompliance with the information security policy.
81481	The contribution of information technology to firm performance: marketing and sales.
81482	An employee’s perception that information and technology resources at work are exposed to security-related risks and threats as a consequence of noncompliance with the information security policy.
81483	Tangible or intangible penalties—such as demotions  loss of reputation  reprimands  monetary or nonmonetary penalties  and unfavorable personal mention in oral or written assessment reports—incurred by an employee for noncompliance with the requirements of the information security policy.
81484	The contribution of information technology to firm performance: customer relations.
81485	The overall expected favorable consequences to an employee for complying with the requirements of the information security policy.
81486	The corporation’s current goals for information technology investments.
81487	Whether the assets are more or less than $100 million.
81488	The overall expected unfavorable consequences for complying with the requirements of the information security policy.
81489	The overall expected unfavorable consequences for noncompliance with the requirements of the information security policy.
81490	Participants level of education.
81491	Participants level of information technology knowledge.
81493	The industry type of the organization.
81494	Information intensity of the organization.
81497	An individual trait reflecting one's willingness to try out new technology .
81498	The degree to which an individual believes that an organizational and technical infrastructure exists to support his or her use of a system.
81503	The user has an unfamiliar task to perform.
81504	One's system environment (the hardware  software  peripherals) changes.
81505	One observes others' system use.
81506	The outcomes of system use are different from what were expected.
81507	One is asked to revise his/her use of system features.
81511	The level of experience a decision maker has with respect to the completion of a given decision task and the degree to which the decision maker has formed strategies for completing or solving the task (novice or professional).
81512	Difference between participant's assessments and the aid's recommendations.
81513	Whether the participant accessed the explanations generated by the decision aid.
81514	Participant's judgment (before having access to the decision aid) of whether the interviewee was guilty of cheating.
81515	Participant's judgment (before having access to the decision aid) of the level of deception in the interview.
81516	Participant's judgment (before having access to the decision aid) of their level of confidence.
81517	Participant's judgment (after having access to the decision aid  whether or not they chose to use it) of whether the interviewee was guilty of cheating.
81518	Participant's judgment (after having access to the decision aid  whether or not they chose to use it) of the level of deception in the interview.
81519	Participant's judgment (after having access to the decision aid  whether or not they chose to use it) of their level of confidence.
81520	The usefulness of the information acquired during the collaborations by the degree to   which the information has helped the individual in understanding or responding to   security threats.
81521	The degree to which cross-organizational interdependence was an important part of   their security job responsibilities.
81522	Rules in place by respondents’ organizations to restrict interactions with other organizations.
81523	Whether the respondent adhered to rules in place by respondents’ organizations to restrict interactions with other organizations.
81524	The extent to which the  outsourced project development process was effective in successfully fulfilling the client’s project needs  quality expectations  functional requirements  and project objectives.
81525	Extent to which the same or different people had been involved in their collaborative experiences.
81526	The percentage of members of their network that were within driving distance.
81527	The extent to which it was possible to incorporate new requirements and design changes in response to changing client needs during each of the major project stages—requirements analysis  high-level design  detailed design  development  and coding.
81528	The prespecification by the client of desired final and intermediate vendor outputs without regard to how they are achieved.
81529	The client explicitly prescribing methods  procedures  and techniques to the vendor for accomplishing project activities.
81530	The degree of expertise specialization within the respondent’s set of personal contacts.
81531	The values and beliefs shared by the client and vendor to align their interests and objectives in the context of a project.
81532	Percentage of people in the personal network that the respondent had collaborated with in the past.
81533	The extent to which the overall working relationship between the client and vendor was characterized by regular interactions  frequent communication  and close working relationships.
81534	Total size of the personal network as the number of people in the network.
81535	Whether the client and vendor had a history of collaboration.
81536	Number of years the respondent had spent developing his or her personal network.
81537	The project relative to others previously completed by the vendor on person-months   of development work  project duration  and dollar budget.
81538	The extent to which the client’s project requirements could easily be documented  explained to the vendor firm in writing  and communicated formally.
81540	Fixed price contract or time-and-materials contract.
81542	Client’s understanding of system architectures  programming languages  detailed technical design  application development tools  and software development methodologies at the outset in the context of the outsourced project.
81543	The vendor’s understanding of the client firm’s business rules and heuristics  business processes  day-to-day business routines  and a holistic understanding of the client’s business at the outset of the project.
81544	Mainframe  Unix  or Web platform.
81546	Veteran presence in the software industry.
81547	Vendor employee count.
81549	Whether the vendor was an indigenous Indian firm or a joint venture or subsidiary of a foreign firm.
81550	Financial services  retail  or manufacturing.
81552	Task information seeking (seeking for technical problem-solving information in various tasks) or social information seeking (seeking for information regarding the social environment and interpersonal relationships in the organization).
81553	The source’s understanding of the seeker’s situation and the relevance and helpfulness of information obtained from the source in the past.
81554	Relationship improvement  relationship maintenance  informing of progress  and indication of mutual dependence.
81555	The preference for the source  importance of the source  and likelihood of approaching the source as the first choice in comparison with other sources.
81556	The average sourcing frequency for a type of information per month from a particular source.
81557	Proximity of the information source to the seeker.
81558	Whether the seeker and the source had worked or were working in the same project.
81559	The number of hierarchical levels the source was above the seeker.
81560	Embarrassment  image risk  feeling of nervousness  and being afraid of appearing incompetent.
81561	Whether the seeker and source had the same or opposite genders.
81562	The difference in age between the seeker and the source.
81563	The difference in rank between the seeker and the source.
81567	Respondents' rankings of the importance of major information technology (IT) outsourcing objectives (reducing IT costs  improving speed and responsiveness of IT activities  improving IT service quality  facilitating focus on core competencies  improving business process performance  allowing focus on strategic IT initiatives  improving alignment of IT with the business  acquiring scarce or new IT skills  and transforming the internal IT organization) in their outsourcing.
81568	The degree to which different objectives (reducing IT costs  improving speed and responsiveness of IT activities  improving IT service quality  facilitating focus on core competencies  improving business process performance  allowing focus on strategic IT initiatives  improving alignment of IT with the business  acquiring scarce or new IT skills  and transforming the internal IT organization) had been achieved versus expectations.
81569	Whether each of the following was used as a performance metric in the contract: reductions in business costs  improvement in business unit satisfaction with information technology (IT) services  improvement in business productivity  improvement in product/services quality  improvement in end customer satisfaction  improvement in key business process metrics  reductions in IT costs  improvement in IT user satisfaction  improvement in IT productivity  improvement in IT services quality  and improvement in pro?ts.
81577	Participants' estimates of what percentage of major actions their organization took in 2008 that    based on their organization’s assessment  met or addressed customer needs.
81579	Whether or not a participant's organization makes a particular Web-based tool available to its customers through its web site.
81582	Product sales within the camera product category.
81583	The amount of word-of-mouth disseminated.
81584	Customers' opinions (positive or negative) about product quality.
81587	Average customer rating of product at Amazon.com.
81588	Average customer rating of product at Cnet.com.
81589	Average customer rating of product at DpReview.com.
81590	Average customer rating of product at Epinions.com.
81591	Number of reviews of product on Amazon.com.
81592	Number of reviews of product on Cnet.com.
81593	Number of reviews of product on DpReview.com.
81594	Number of reviews of product on Epinions.com.
81595	Price offered by Amazon.com for product.
81596	Variance of Amazon reivew ratings for product.
81597	Level of web search interest reported by Google for product.
81598	Days since release of product at Amazon.com.
81599	Average customer rating with more than 80% helpful votes of product.
81600	A percentage value by subtracting the used car’s benchmark value from the final bid (either the highest bid for winning bidders or the second highest bid for runner-up bidders) and dividing by the  benchmark value to obtain the standardized difference from the benchmark value.
81601	The overall reliability score reported by JD Power & Associates was used for each car brand.
81602	Consumer ratings for each used car on Edmunds.com denote how “hot” or popular that used car model is.
81603	The auction duration showed the number of days the car was auctioned  which ranged from 3 to 10 days.
81604	This binary variable showed if the product was listed as a featured (bolded) item on eBay’s Web site.
81605	This binary variable showed if the auction ended during a weekday or the weekend.
81606	This binary variable showed whether the auction ended in the early morning hours (12:00 a.m. to 6:00  a.m.) or regular hours.
81607	This variable captured how many unique bids from different buyers were placed during an action.
81608	The number of times each car had previously been listed.
81609	The number of past completed transactions on eBay.
81610	The number of each seller’s positive lifetime ratings.
81611	Each seller’s negative ratings.
81612	The number of a seller’s past transactions of used cars on eBay Motors.
81613	Whether the seller was an individual or a professional dealer (verified by number of used car transactions and product  listing).
81614	How many interactions the buyer had with the seller (e-mail or phone).
81615	Whether the used car was both inspected by an independent third party  and also that the inspection report was made publicly available to buyers.
81616	Whether the used car’s online description made the history report available to buyers  either through Carfax or Autocheck.
81617	Whether the car came with a manufacturer’s warranty or a warranty from an extended warranty firm.
81619	A hidden value that sellers set and that buyers must exceed to win the auction.
81620	A percentage of the used car’s book value.
81621	The seller’s fixed posted price (measured as a percentage relative to book value).
81622	Coders were presented with a textual description of the online product.
81623	Coders were presented with a visual description of the online product.
81624	Coders were presented with a multimedia presentation of the online product.
81625	The buyer’s difficulty in evaluating the product.
81626	The buyer's difficulty in predicting how the product will perform in the future.
81627	The buyer's overall difficulty in evaluating the product and predicting how it will perform in the future.
81628	Whether the seller is capable  and honest.
81629	Whether or not the seller has fulfillment problems  delivery delays  contract default  and fraud.
81630	The seller's overall rating from seller moral hazard and adverse seller selection.
81634	Keywords with low levels of prepurchase quality uncertainty (apparel  books  cameras  cell phones  computers  flight tickets  music CDs  PDA  printers  refrigerators  television  and toys).
81635	Keywords with high levels of prepurchase quality uncertainty (brokerages  carpet cleaners  cruises  driving school  kitchen appliance repair  moving nd storage  plumbing  real estate brokers  remodeling  special event planners  tailors  and tax services).
81636	The average position in the paid results obtained by the seller over all the days that she bid.
81637	The corresponding ordinal rank for each seller within a keyword market.
81638	The quality of the seller’s offerings as well as the seller’s reliability/trustworthiness - the propensity of the advertiser to truthfully represent the quality of its offerings.
81639	The average fraction of page views per million by a Web user that go to a particular website (page view)  and the proportion of all Web users that visit the website (page reach).
81640	Consumer-provided scores of a seller’s overall reliability.
81641	Number of incoming links to a website.
81642	The participant was presented with a sample query.
81643	The participant was not presented with a sample query.
81644	Whether or not the participant composed queries from scratch.
81645	Whether the anchors were surface-structure anchors or deep-structure anchors.
81646	Participants were presented with the Gene Ontology database.
81647	Participants were presented with a university registration system.
81648	Whether or not the submitted query correctly answers the information request.
81649	The number of minutes between when a user was shown the information request and when the user indicated that the written query answered the information request.
81650	Participants' ability to adjust from the anchor as the percentage of anchors correctly adjusted.
81653	Participant’s self-reported con?dence that the query he  or she produced accurately satis?es the information  request.
81654	The degree to which participants’ con?dence in the correctness of their queries predicts the actual  correctness of the queries.
81655	The level at which individuals believe the target IS improves the task performances in organizations.
81656	The degree to which using the target IS is effortless and easy.
81657	The user’s perception of his or her dependency on the target IS in performing tasks in terms of intensity of use  frequency of use  and general dependency on the system.
81658	The individual user’s perception of easy execution of tasks  reduction of task loads  and improvement in task execution capabilities as a result of using a particular system.
81659	The level of agreement among users on how a target system ought to be used.
81660	The degree to which the current usage of the IS is consistent with the designer’s plans.
81661	Organizational processes that reward and encourage experimentation and learning facilitate quicker familiarity with technology.
81662	Mechanisms that reduce technostress creators and technostress-related strains include considering users’ views in discussions on the rationale for new applications  involving them in systems implementation  incorporating their requirements wherever possible into system design and configuration  communicating workflow and process changes  benefits  and opportunities accompanying the introduction of new information and communications technologies to users  and encouraging them to use  try out  and assess new applications.
81663	The extent to which the following characteristics described the overall relationships among the departmental components (e.g.  departmental IT infrastructure and applications) of the ?rm’s enterprise IT architecture: plug-and-play  highly interoperable  well-understood interdependencies  and minimal unnecessary interdependencies.
81664	Situations where information and communications technologies  force users to work faster and longer.
81665	The invasive effect of information and communications technologies in terms of creating situations where users can potentially be reached any time  employees feel the need to be constantly “connected ” and there is a blurring between work-related and personal contexts.
81666	The extent to which the following aspects of IT were well established at the enterprisewide level: IT standards  IT policies  IT architecture  compliance guidelines for line function IT applications  and compliance guidelines for line function IT infrastructure.
81667	How the primary responsibility for the following IT decisions was distributed between the IT and line functions:  identifying IT investment opportunities  establishing IT performance metrics  de?ning IT service level expectations (e.g.  service level agreements)  setting timelines for IT initiatives  and setting budgets for IT initiatives.
81668	How the primary responsibility for how the following IT activities be performed was distributed between the IT and  line functions: choosing application platforms  choosing programming languages and tools  IT sourcing decisions (e.g  purchasing  outsourcing  or in-house development)  de?ning IT standards and policies  and de?ning an IT infrastructure strategy.
81669	The extent to which the IT function  in the work that it produced for the line functions  was: agile  adaptive  ?exible  able to improvise  responsive to changing line function needs and priorities  and responsive.
81670	The extent to which the work that the IT function produced for the various line functions was well aligned with the line functions: activities  expectations  needs  demands  priorities  and business objectives.
81671	The degree to which the overall working relationships between IT and line functions were characterized by: regular interactions  frequent communications  and close working relationships.
81672	The complexity associated with information and communications technologies makes users feel inadequate as far as their skills are concerned and forces them to spend time and effort in learning and understanding   various aspects of information communications technologies.
81673	Situations in which users feel threatened about losing their jobs either to automation resulting from new information and communications technologies or to other people who have a better understanding of the information and communication technology.
81674	Continuing changes and upgrades in information and communications technologies that unsettle users and create uncertainty for them in that they worry about constantly learning and educating themselves about new information and communication technology.
81675	A positive attitude and perception of the individual toward the content of  information and communications technologies that he or she uses in the course of day-to-day processes.
81676	The overall extent to which members of the IT unit understood the following aspects of their organization’s line functions: their unique norms  their unique business goals  their unique business processes  their day-to-day work practices  and their unique business rules and policies.
81677	The overall understanding of the members of line functions about the following: IT architectures  systems integration  IT implementation processes  technical feasibility constraints  IT infrastructure technologies (e.g.  networks  servers  e-mail  Intranets)  and IT infrastructure management (e.g.  maintenance and upgrades).
81678	The extent to which the IT needs and requirements of the various line functions could be: easily documented   easily explained to the IT unit  easily conveyed to the IT unit  and conveyed formally (e.g.  through documents  reports  requirements  and manuals).
81679	Whether the CIO served on the organizaiton's board of directors.
81680	The number of years lapsed since an IT department was ?rst created in the organization.
81681	The percentage of the organization’s annual revenue spent on IT relative to its top ?ve direct competitors.
81682	Number of employees in the organization.
81686	Participants were asked on average how much time (in hours) they used the collaboration tool  and what percentage of the time they use the collaboration tool.
81701	Loyalty programs  rewards  and bene?ts that a consumer will lose upon switching and also include contractual obligations that impose penalties for switching.
81702	The actual value of a new vendor’s service is less than expected  resulting in lost performance  money  and  convenience.
81703	Psychological costs that come from the affective loss of severing ties  with a brand that one has bonded with.
81704	The time and effort required to ?nd and compare providers before switching.
81705	The time  effort  and money required to end a service with one online provider and start a new service with another.
81706	The time and effort needed to adapt to a new provider.
81707	The perceived fairness of the service’s price for the level of quality and complexity of features offered.
81708	Past investments of time  effort  and money that consumers sink into their  relationships with service providers.
81709	Users’ beliefs in their pro?ciency with an information technology related task and accounts for factors  such as the encouragement of peers and  the availability of technical support.
81716	The length of experience with the current internet service provider.
81717	The breadth of service features offered by the internet service provider.
81718	The bundling of Internet service with other  telecommunication services.
81719	A mental distancing from one’s work  and reflecting doubt and distrust in one's work.
81720	Whether employees find their employment sufficiently satisfactory to continue in it  either permanently or until they have prepared for greater responsibilities.
81721	Effective completion of tasks and projects.
81722	Confusion regarding the definition and expectations of the job.
81723	The perception of inconsistent or incompatible job expectations.
81724	The extent to which one is faced with too much to do in the time available.
81730	Participants who supported various types of software development  systems integration  or software maintenance projects.
81731	The extent to which CRM tools are utilized to coordinate employee customer-facing activities across function  centrally store customer information  and share customer information across intra-organizational boundaries.
81732	Initial stage of software process capability.
81733	Repeatable stage of software process capability.
81734	Defined stage of software process capability.
81735	Managed stage of software process capability.
81736	Optimizing stage of software process capability.
81737	The tools included in the measure focuson activities that affect resource allocation decisions(e.g.  sales planning activities  customer forecasting)or are utilized to assess the efficacy of resource allocation decisions (e.g.  marketing performance analysis).
81738	The extent to which their firm was able to meet or exceed financial performance goals.
81739	Respondents were asked to indicate based on monthly expenditures  would you categorize your firm as one of this provider’s (a) smallest customers  (b) typical customers  or (c) largest customers?
81740	An individual level construct requiring an individual to assess another individual and form a trust belief about him or her. There is one set of three dependent variables (trust belief in character 1  trust belief in character 2  and trust belief in character 3).
81741	All three characters exhibited behaviors that ful?lled the needs of the team; these behaviors displayed ability (producing high-quality work products)  benevolence (caring for other team members)  and integrity (completing work products on time as they committed to do).
81742	All three characters exhibited behaviors that reneged on meeting the needs of the team; these behaviors displayed lower ability (producing work products that mother characters complained about and had to redo)  lower benevolence (refusing to work on tasks requested by others)  and lower integrity (failing to complete tasks on time as agreed).
81743	Participants in the PEBC treatment were informed prior to reading the e-mail communication that they would perform a postevent evaluation and would evaluate each of the three characters’ responsibilities and performance. Second  to provide an evaluation  participants completed the report after reading the e-mail communication but prior to reporting their trust beliefs.
81744	Participants in the no PEBC treatment were not informed of the report prior to reading e-mail communication but they performed it after reporting  their trust beliefs so that the report did not in?uence their trust beliefs.
81745	A “generalized attitude” learned from both observed behavior and personal experiences of ful?lled and unful?lled promises.
81746	Business managers/staff in your company actively perform  or contribute to decision-making in documenting business processes or transactions for risk evaluation  ensuring key controls exist to mitigate specific types of risks  defining procedural controls (for example  rules for access control)  implementing controls  reviewing or testing controls  remediating defective controls  communicating Sarbanes-Oxley policies.
81747	Business users (from functional lines of business) in your company actively participated in defining  reviewing  or approving any of the following types of information security controls related to protecting financial information or reporting.
81748	During the past 12 months  the following actions occurred in your company to provide management accountability for information security.
81749	A continuous process of identifying and prioritizing information system security risk  and implementing and monitoring controls.
81751	The different target groups that exhibit a consciousness about organizational policies  procedures  or the need to protect sensitive information.
81755	Reported reduction in the number or significance of control errors.
81756	The increase in efficiency across the system of controls in place to protect financial information from security risks.
81757	A positive attitude and perception of the individual toward accuracy of  information and communications technologies that he or she uses in the course of day-to-day processes.
81758	A positive attitude and perception of the individual toward the output of  information and communications technologies that he or she uses in the course of day-to-day processes.
81759	A positive attitude and perception of the individual toward the ease of use of  information and communications technologies that he or she uses in the course of day-to-day processes.
81760	A positive attitude and perception of the individual toward the timeliness of  information and communications technologies that he or she uses in the course of day-to-day processes.
81761	The degree to which individuals use   information and communications technologies to enhance their work performance and outcomes.
81762	Greater decision effectiveness  better decision quality  and less time to make decisions.
81767	Buyers are asked to rate the transaction after its completion by assigning a rating of good  neutral  or poor.
81768	Buyer earnings for each round were calculated as: ($1)-(amount sent to seller) C (amount returned by seller).
81769	Earnings for sellers were calculated as: (amount received from buyer * 4) - (amount returned to buyer).
81770	In the reputation condition the buyer was asked to rate the transaction upon its completion.
81771	In the control condition no reputation variable was presented  therefor the participant waited until the end of the game to rate the seller.
81772	In the interception condition  seller's returns could be intercepted.
81773	In the control condition  seller's returns had no chance of being intercepted.
81774	The viewpoints of of doctors about how Electronic health record system (EHRS) influence their role in diagnosing and treating patients.
81776	The perception among clinicians that there may be negative consequences to their role behaviors associated with Electronic health record system (EHRS) assimilation.
81777	The following question refers to the potential influence of external entities on your practice's decision to adopt an EHRS.
81778	The extent to which the respondents practice uses the following features/components of an EHRS.
81779	What the respondents position at this practice (i.e. physician  office manager  other).
81782	The number of physicians in the practice.
81783	The extent to which the cost of Electronic health record system (EHRS) implementation is a concern to your practice.
81784	The computing skills of the clinical and administrative staff in the practice.
81785	The following questions refer to the availability of adequate information technology (IT) infrastructure in the practice.
81787	The number of readers who read the blog each week.
81788	Whether the post was positive (it promoted the ?rm (employer)—either the company or any of its products—or if it was critical of a competitor or its products)  negative (it criticized the ?rm or its products  or if it promoted  competitors or their products)  or neutral.
81789	The number of other blogs citing the blog.
81790	The ratio of negative content to positive content.
81791	XML feed subscribers of blog.
81793	The ability to undertake successful improvisational actions by NPD work units relative to the competition.
81794	The extent to which IT functionalities are effectively used by NPD work units.
81795	The use of scheduling and time management  resource management  and task  assignment functionalities.
81796	The effective use of IT functionalities for coding and sharing of knowledge  creation of knowledge directories  and knowledge  networking.
81797	The effective use of conveyance  presentation  and convergence functionalities.
81798	Market and technological turbulence.
81800	The generation  dissemination  and responsiveness to market intelligence.
81801	The total number of actual completed auctions (won bids) during the following year.
81806	The acquisition  assimilation  transformation  and exploitation of knowledge.
81809	The buyer’s subjective opinion about the community of sellers in the marketplace.
81810	The buyer’s assessment of the average performance of the community of sellers in the marketplace
81811	The buyer’s propensity to trust the community of sellers in the marketplace.
81813	Resource allocation  task assignment  and synchronization.
81814	Amazon or ebay.
81815	The buyer’s number of past transactions with sellers in the marketplace.
81816	How many years the buyer has been a member in the marketplace.
81817	How many problematic transactions the buyer had with sellers in the past  which is re?ected by the negative ratings given to sellers.
81820	The contribution  representation  and interrelation of individual inputs.
81823	The ability to execute customer sales programs by understanding customer needs.
81824	The ability in research and development  product engineering  product design  and manufacturing.
81825	The ability to design incentives  monitor progress  and manage new product development activities.
81826	The combination of process ef?ciency and product effectiveness by multiplying the ef?ciency and effectiveness items.
81827	The quality of interaction among the  different operational areas  and it was shown to in?uence new product development  performance.
81828	A firm's routine engineering of existing  products  building new products based on existing ones  and developing radically new products.
81829	The work unit's experience in years.
81830	The number of members of the focal new product development work unit.
81831	The number of employees in the organization and the organization's revenues.
81832	The industry segment in which the new product development work unit operates.
81833	Whether the respondent was a senior (executive) or mid-level new product development manager.
81834	Costs of spam filter software and hardware.
81835	Costs of decision-making management tasks (e.g.  internal communication about data security or privacy issues within the organization)  setting up initial infrastructure (e.g.  training  purchasing  installation)  and yearly service costs (e.g.  maintenance  training  support requests).
81836	The time per day allocated to deleting spam and controlling the spam ?lter.
81837	The time spent inquiring about and installing spam ?lters.
81838	Whether the participant installed a spam filter.
81840	Professor  Ph.D. student  administrative office  filing clerk  or student assistant.
81841	Economics and business  medical school  agricultural school  natural science  humanitites  administration  or data center.
81842	Linux  Macintosh  Windows 2000  Windows 98  Windows NT  Windows XP  or Windows 95.
81843	Microsoft internet explorer  Opera  netscape  Firefox  or other.
81844	Whether the participant had given their e-mail address to friends/acquaintances or colleagues/business partners  and if it can be found on websites  in online directories  in online forums  or newsletter subscriptions.
81848	The product of the number of partner interface processes (PIPs) adopted and  extent of use of the PIPs.
81849	The percentage of transactions conducted  through PIPs.
81850	The number of business days to execute a business process using RosettaNet PIPs.
81851	A measure of relationship quality and a re?ection of improved coordination and better information sharing.
81867	Anticipated bene?ts from adopting the interorganizational business process standards.
81870	The degree to which IBPS are perceived as being consistent with precursor methods for executing interorganizational processes.
81871	Inability to forecast accurately whether  IBPS and associated technologies will  be stable over time and able to deliver  the intended outcomes.
81872	Innovativeness is the notion of openness  to new ideas as an aspect of a ?rm’s  culture.
81873	The degree to which a focal ?rm has  necessary technology infrastructure  and IT human resources to implement  IBPS.
81883	The extent to which an individual wants to present his or her preferred image in a virtual community of interest.
81884	An individual’s behavior to project a preferred image.
81885	The belief in the ability to present one’s online image in the virtual community.
81886	A state of motivation  arousal  or interest toward the online community.
81887	The perceived norms that members should manage and present their online  image in the virtual community of interest.
81891	The extent to which a person displays a tendency to be willing to depend on others across a broad spectrum of situations and persons.
81892	The extent to which information provided by the Web site meets user's needs.
81893	Individuals’ expected control over what organizations do with their information as well as the amount and types of information organizations  will collect.
81894	The extent to which communications can be tailored to meet the user's needs.
81895	Interpersonal difference in terms of previous privacy experience.
81896	The extent to which the web site allows all or most necessary transactions to be completed on-line.
81897	Subjects were provided with an interactive graphical interface of a mobile device that allows them  to restrict their location information released to the location-based service (LBS) provider.
81898	Subjects were show a TRUSTe seal with a URL link to the privacy policy of the LBS providers. A brief introduction explaining the mission of TRUSTe was also given to the subjects to make sure they understood the signi?cance of the TRUSTe seal.
81899	Subjects were told that the use of location-based service was governed by a newly enacted location privacy law which covered the collection and use of their personal information. Subjects were also presented with a piece of news related to the recent enactment of the location privacy law.
81900	The extent to which the web site is equivalent or better than other means of interacting with the company.
81901	Privacy concerns pertaining  to location-based service.
81902	Perceived control over personal information in the context of privacy.
81903	The extent to which the web site is competent to perform the required functions.
81904	The extent to which the information provided by the web site is reliable.
81905	The extent to which the website represents a company that has good intentions towards customers.
81906	The visual attractiveness of a Web site.
81907	The creativity and uniqueness of a Website.
81908	The emotional effect of using the Website and intensity of involvement.
81909	The Web site does not create dissonance for the user by an image in compatible with that projected by the firm through other media.
81910	Time to get a response after a request oran interaction with a Web site.
81911	The likelihood of visiting a Web site again.
81912	Attainment of a ?rm’s objectives in relation to its external environment.
81913	The ability of a ?rm’s processes to align and adapt resources and activities with its interorganizational relationship portfolio.
81914	The ability of a ?rm’s processes to coordinate interdependent activities and optimize operations with its interorganizational relationship portfolio.
81915	The ability of a ?rm’s processes to cope with changes in market requirements for products and services in conjunction with its interorganizational relationship portfolio.
81916	The ability of a ?rm’s processes to add  terminate  or substitute partners to its interorganizational relationship portfolio.
81917	The ability of a ?rm to integrate data  communication technologies  and transaction and collaboration applications with its interorganizational relationship portfolio.
81918	The ability of a ?rm to extend and recombine information technology resources with its interorganizational relationship portfolio.
81919	The density of the interorganizational relationship portfolio in terms of the number of major partners and their relative importance to the focal ?rm.
81920	General conditions of uncertainty related to demand ?uctuation  competitive intensity  and the frequency of technical breakthroughs.
81923	Average relationship length of the interorganizational relationship portfolio on a ?rm’s competitive process capabilities and on its competitive performance.
81932	Those resources that enable shared representations and interpretations among parties.
81933	Assets that are created and leveraged through social relationships  including trust and trustworthiness  norms  obligations  and identi?cation.
81934	Impersonal con?guration of linkages between people or units.
81942	Some employees were more involved and familiar with the system prior to its implementation.
81943	Employee perceptions about the extent to which the new enterprise resource planning system allows them to complete their tasks effectively and to generate innovative ideas to improve their work.
81944	The number of training sessions they had  attended prior to the implementation of the system.
81945	Number of employees within an organizational unit.
81946	Overall effect of the system at the unit level according to unit supervisors.
81947	Employee perceptions of the value of the new information generated by the new information system and includes an evaluation of the accuracy  suf?ciency  precision  and completeness of the new information.
81954	Users responded about whom they communicate with on a typical work day regarding questions about the new enterprise system.
81955	The extent to which one can use the system to achieve the intended goal.
81956	Subjective estimates of performance of decision aids.
81958	The degree to which a medium allows a user to establish personal connection with  other users.
81959	The identi?cation of uncoupling incidents.
81960	The pace of shoppers navigation is independent  and controlled by each individual.
81961	Two or more people synchronously viewed  the same Web pages through their individual Web browsers.
81962	Communication support as within-group factor text chat.
81963	Communication support as within-group factor voice chat.
81974	Participants were also asked innocuous questions such as   I will feel ashamed because of my poverty    I like holidays .
81977	The extent to which a person likes to do things with other people.
81978	The closeness of the social relationship between shopping partners.
81979	A bond between a member and a particular community that is based on the member’s belief that his or her involvement provides net bene?ts that are not easily available elsewhere.
81980	A bond between a member and a particular community that is based on the member’s sense of obligation towards that community.
81981	A belief that  as a result of interacting with product data  a customer is aware of and understands the consequences of using  consuming or owning the product.
81982	A bond between a member and a particular community that is based on the member’s strong emotional attachment to that community.
81983	Individuals who work to actively maintain and promote conversations in the community by guiding discussions towards collectively valued themes  managing disputes between users  and discouraging off-topic posts.
81984	A primary mechanism by which individuals obtain the direct informational and social bene?ts available from a community.
81985	Individuals who are contributing new information resources that help others and may also improve the posting individual’s status and reputation.
81989	The customers attitude toward the product
81990	The degree to which a person believes that the design of an online store enhances his or her ability to shop for products.
81991	Participants visited an online clothing store to assess a shirt and a pair of jeans.
81992	Participants visited an online eye-wear store to assess an eyeglass frame and/or a pair of sunglasses.
81993	Participants in the catalog only condition viewed the sunglass and/or frames in a catalog.
81994	Too much information is provided beyond the user’s needs resulting in perceptions of being overwhelmed.
81995	Request for information that is irrelevant or of a nature not needed for a system transaction.
81996	System fails to meet promises or expectations and such failure is perceived as purposeful by the user.
81997	System performs tasks that were not requested or expected creating a task interruption
81998	System requires unnecessary repetition of already performed steps (e.g.  entering in name and address twice  losing already stored information).
81999	User is left unsure whether the system processed a request by the user.
82000	Participants intention to use the system.
82001	A user’s evaluation of the system’s conveyance of semantic meaning and/or communication of knowledge.
82002	A user’s evaluation of the technical capabilities of the system and its usability.
82003	The perceived utility and bene?t an individual believes will accrue from using a system.
82004	The user’s expectancy of effort required to use the system.
82005	Participant used personal digital assistants to respond to questions posed by researchers.
82006	Participant used e-business websites to respond to questions posed by researchers.
82007	Participant used e-mail to respond to questions posed by researchers.
82009	Participants were asked to imagine that the car currently driven by their family was in better-than-average condition.
82010	Participant were asked to imagine that their current car was in worse-than-average condition.
82011	Participants used a recommendation agent that enables users to weigh the importance of attributes and obtain a ranked order of products based on each product’s weighted average.
82012	Participants used a recommendation agent that applies an elimination-byaspect strategy that enables users to set a minimum value on each attribute that must be met for products to be presented by the RA as choices.
82013	The magnitude of aversive stimuli or negative consequences for employees as a result of noncompliant information technology (IT) behavior.
82014	The frequency of aversive stimuli or negative consequences for employees as a result of noncompliant information technology (IT) behavior.
82015	The expectation that noncompliant information technology (IT) usage behavior will be punished.
82016	The perception of fairness resulting from being provided with explanations for the decision.
82017	The perceived fairness of decision-making processes.
82018	Perceptions of the severity appropriateness and consistency of punishment.
82019	Intention to follow the enterprise resource planning (ERP) operating standards of the company.
82020	Pleasurable or positive emotional state resulting from an individual’s information technology (IT) usage experience.
82021	The degree to which employees believe that using a particular system would enhance their job performance.
82022	The degree to which a person believes that using a system will be free of effort.
82023	How often analyst consults a knowledge management system to learn about  the organization’s pre-existing knowledge about a particular issue or problem.
82024	The perception that change and creativity are encouraged in the workplace.
82025	Self-determination with respect to work procedures  goals  and priorities.
82026	The extent to which analysts explore their own solutions to problems.
82027	The extent to which analysts exploit solutions to solve problems.
82029	Level I being ?rst-contact versus Level II that deals with escalation.
82032	Whether the application service provider (ASP) is still operational.
82033	Fixed price or time and materials.
82034	Misalignment between agency costs and contracts.
82035	The length of time the application service provider (ASP) agrees to provide service to the end user organization.
82036	The dif?culty in precisely de?ning the stream of services required from the application service provider (ASP).
82038	Whether the application involved a higher amount of interdependence with systems in the client organization.
82039	Whether the vendor needs to acquire company-speci?c knowledge to adequately perform the outsourced task.
82040	The amount of customization done for the client with respect to creating reports  application speci?c functionality  etc.
82041	Sharing of information  trust  and cooperation.
82042	An anticipation that the relationship persists into the future.
82043	An application service provider's (ASP) advantage in service delivery  such as the ability to manage its network  provide best practices  and improved technology.
82044	Number of employees.
82045	Degree of competition among application service providers (ASPs).
82046	The time from founding in years to January 2001.
82047	Whether the founder(s) has an advanced degree.
82048	The experience of the founder(s) in related industries.
82049	Whether the application service provider (ASP) holds a patent.
82050	Whether the application service provider (ASP) has alliances with prominent IT vendors or service providers.
82051	The application service provider's (ASP's) usage of open standards.
82052	Access either to capital markets or venture capital funding.
82053	Whether the client is a large publicly traded ?rm that is likely to be highly visible  whether the client accounts for a majority of the sales volume  and whether the application service provider's (ASP’s) marketing efforts  as reported in the interviews we conducted  depend on customer referrals.
82055	A medium for personal health information and electronic health information privacy concern.
82056	Individual extrinsic motivation toward using information and communication technologies (ICT) offered through a government digital-inequality initiative (GDI).
82057	Individual intrinsic motivation toward using information and communication technologies (ICT) offered through a government digital-inequality initiative (GDI).
82058	An individuals anger  disgust  fear  and sadness towards their current health status.
82059	An individuals joy towards their current health status.
82062	The respondent indicated his/her willingness to disclose personal health information for three types of information (general  genetic  and mental health)  three purposes (marketing  research  and patient care)  and three requesting stakeholders (hospital  pharmaceutical company  and government/public health agency).
82063	The operational knowledge required by an individual to use information and communication technologies (ICT) offered through a government digital-inequality initiative (GDI).
82065	The belief in one’s capabilities to use information and communication technologies (ICT) offered through a government digital-inequality initiative (GDI).
82067	The patient's number of doctor appointments.
82069	Perceived expectations from family  relatives  peers  and friends for one to use information and communication technologies (ICT) offered through a government digital-inequality initiative (GDI).
82072	Whether the subject has received acquaintances’ help for using LaGrange  Internet TV (LITV).
82075	Adopters' (or potential adopters') intention to continue (or start) using LaGrange Internet TV (LITV).
82076	The extent to which the subject felt that cable TV service was unaffordable.
82077	Whether residents had an Internet PC at home.
82078	The types of training (via cable TV or the public library) that the subject had received and assigned.
82080	Whether the resident already had the Internet TV (adopters) or who had not yet adopted the technology (potential adopters).
82081	Bottom-line evaluations that reflect the positivism of one’s self-construal.
82082	Centrality of employees’ positions within their group’s work-related communication network (how many people the employee communicates with as part of the job during a typical week).
82083	Direct perceptions of the degree to which the employee is perceived as popular and accepted and more indirect perceptions of the degree to which the employee is known and collectively liked by coworkers within the employee’s work group.
82084	How often the employee's coworkers in their work group engage in each OCB behavior.
82085	How often the employee's coworkers in their work group engage in each CWB behavior.
82086	To what extent the coworker liked the employee in question.
82090	Forward-looking expectations of  the capital markets about the value-creation or destruction effects of cross-business information technology integration in a newly announced  acquisition.
82091	The long-run abnormal operating performance of an acquirer after a new acquisition.
82092	Earnings before interest  tax  and depreciation/total assets.
82093	The would-be performance of the acquirer  had it not undertaken the acquisition of interest in our sample.
82094	The extent to which the business units of a multibusiness ?rm use unique [1] or common [5] IT infrastructure technologies  IT human resource management processes  IT vendor management processes  IT strategy-making processes  and IT applications and data across its businesses.
82108	The fictitious account for Amazon.com first 15 product ratings.
82109	The fictitious account for Amazon.com first five product ratings.
82110	Consumers’ perceptions about the  extent to which the recommended items matched their preferences or fitted their taste.
82111	Familiarity with the interface of an online  store’s website.
82114	A consumers’ subjective evaluation about their decision-making quality.
82116	The total number of items they had watched out of 134 items on Amazon.com’s top seller DVD list.
82117	Consumers’ subjective evaluation of website usability.
82118	The variety available on the website.
82119	The perceived quality of detailed information presented to online shoppers at Amazon.com about a specific DVD item  which usually includes a picture of the item  its description  editorial reviews  and customer reviews.
82120	The amount of effort expended on information search and processing.
82125	The gains that may be possible from procuring on business-to-business markets.
82126	Potential negative implications of  using business-to-business markets.
82127	The process and context changes that ?rms may need to make to use business-to-business markets effectively.
82128	Firmwide sensing and response capabilities.
82129	The extent to which the ?rm is using information technology in value-adding ways.
82130	The percentage of the total purchases ?rms make on B2B markets.
82131	The natural logarithm of the number of employees working in the ?rm.
82136	Participants were asked how are the centralities of the various nodes in a network dispersed.
82137	The total number of systems that a doctor indicated preference for avoiding.
82138	The average minutes a patient waited for an appointment.
82139	How faithfully the patient follows the doctor's recommendations.
82140	The total number of IS that all group members indicated preference for avoiding across the group.
82142	Patients were asked to rate their satisfaction with the care they received during their visit
82144	Perceived subject matter learning.
82145	Perceived skills development.
82147	The average hours per week spent using the computer at home to do school work.
82148	The average hours per week using the computer at home for leisure activities (e.g.  emailing friends  chatting online  and playing computer games etc.).
82149	Student-to-computer ratio in computer classrooms.
82150	The average hours per day spent using the computer at school to do school work outside of classroom lessons.
82151	The importance and in?uence of IT usage in the school environment.
82152	Student perceptions of their IT training in terms of usefulness  relevance  and adequacy.
82154	Primary school leaving examination aggregate score.
82155	A firm’s ability to deploy shareable platforms—a capability that captures the extent to which the firm is good at managing data management services and architectures  network communication services  and application portfolio and services.
82156	The ability of a firm’s management to envision and exploit information technolgoy resources to support and enhance business objectives—a capability that reflects the extent to which the firm develops a clear information technology strategic vision  integrates business and IT strategic planning  and enables management’s ability to understand the value of information technology investments.
82157	A firm’s ability to proactively search for ways to embrace information technology innovations or exploit existing information technology resources to create business opportunities—a stance that measures the extent to which the firm strives to be always current with information technology innovations  continues to experiment with new information technology as necessary  constantly seeks new ways to enhance its effectiveness of information technology use  and fosters a climate that is supportive of trying out new ways of using information technology.
82158	A firm’s ability in its internal business processes to physically and rapidly cope with market or demand changes  which focuses more on routine maneuvering to provide fast response to changes.
82159	Knowledge management or intellectual ability to find appropriate things to act on  involving not only collecting and processing extensive amounts and a variety of information to identify and anticipate external changes but also continuously monitoring and quickly improving product/service offerings to address customer needs.
82160	The ratio of information technology budget to sales revenue.
82161	The firmwide number of full-time employees.
82162	Years the company had been in business.
82163	The ratio of number of full-time employees in the information systems department to firm-wide full-time employees.
82164	The number of years the information systems department had been in place.
82165	Service firms or manufacturing firms.
82166	Participants received a guided diagram for their domain.
82167	Participants received an unguided diagram for their domain.
82168	Travel or auction.
82169	Participant's procedure to define the steps that someone would need to take to change the current state to a goal state.
82175	Travel  then auction  or auction and then travel.
82176	Before or after receiving feedback.
82177	Comments that indicated that a line of thought failed.
82178	Each time subjects mentioned the interacting classes in the guided diagrams that were shown merely as properties in the unguided diagrams.
82182	The extent to which a patient  or the patient’s authorized decision maker  is pleased with the overall medical care received.
82183	The patient’s assessment of each healthcare professional’s competence in handling speci?c aspects of care and administrative handling.
82184	The extent to which the patient perceives that he or she has received suf?cient information about the care in the hospital  care after they leave the hospital  and administrative matters from each healthcare professional.
82185	A patient’s perceptions of empathy and friendliness of each healthcare professional.
82186	The extent to which the patient perceives that each healthcare professional has spent suf?cient time with the patient.
82190	Patient’s assessment of the hospital’s handling of various money-related matters.
82191	The patient perceptions about various logistical aspects related to the hospital  its location  and organization.
82199	Doctor  paraprofessional  or administrative personnel.
82201	The degree to which characteristics of technology enhance job performance.
82202	The degree to which use of technology is free of effort.
82203	The degree to which features and capabilities provided by the technology are dependable.
82204	The degree to which the technology enables users to be reachable.
82205	The degree to which an individual perceives that the use of information and communication technologies (ICTs) is not identifiable.
82206	The degree to which an individual perceives the changes in his or her technological environment to be rapid.
82209	The degree to which an individual perceives the changes in his or her technological environment to be rapid.
82212	The average number of work house (i.e.  hours they spend doing work related activities) and the average number of hours spent using ICTs.
82226	In a high place condition  participants use the tools in a distributed setting where the value of the tool is more obvious.
82227	A low place condition was designed to be in a physical location that was extremely unlikely to create experiences of place.
82238	Participants were asked how many purchases they have made via the internet.
82239	A brief and conservative privacy/security policy is presented via the Security& Privacy link. For instance  the company reserves the right to sell and distribute customer information without explicit permission from the consumer.Also  NO security seals such as Truste® and Verisign® are present on the website.
82240	An extensive and assuring privacy/security policy is presented via the Security& Privacy link. For instance  consumers are assured that information is secure and not distributed without explicit permission.Also  security seals such as Truste® and Verisign® are present on the website.
82241	A 4-second download delay is coded into the design of the website.Users wait 4 seconds to access any page on the website.
82242	No download delay coded into the design of the website.
82243	Less efficient and in convenient design specifications are incorporated into the website. For example users are forced to access a separate page when viewing a particular product color combination making. information gathering and navigability more cumbersome. Also users are forced to reenter the product information during the checkout process.
82244	More efficient and convenient design specifications are incorporated into the website. For example users can view various product color combinations on the same screen making information gathering and navigability more efficient. Also  users are able to add a product to a shopping cart for later viewing/checkout.
82245	Unprofessional and unattractive aesthetics are used in the design of the website.
82246	Professional and attractive aesthetics are used in the design of the website.
82273	Range of symptoms of addiction  including salience  withdrawal  conflict  relapse  and mood modification.
82278	A maladaptive psychological dependency on the use of online auctions to such a degree that typical behavioral addiction symptoms occur.
82282	Individual's attempt to portray themselves in a way viewed favorably by others.
82283	Limitations in the functionality of an information system that undermine its ability to meet organizational needs.
82284	The extent to which a system can be counted on to perform its intended tasks.
82285	Internal organizational effort directed toward altering where and how an organization operates.
82286	Availability of the vendor and other support capabilities considered important to the continued use of an information system.
82287	The costs that an organization incurs to support ongoing operation of an information system.
82288	The financial and other resources committed to the acquisition  implementation  and use of an information system.
82289	The extent to which an information system relies on sophisticated linkages among component elements  to deliver required capabilities.
82290	The tendency of firms to mimic or copy the actions of those organizations that are perceived to have high levels of legitimacy.
82291	A belief by those who are responsible for the decision to replace an information system that the system should  in fact  be replaced.
82292	The natural log of employee count.
82293	The length of time that their focal system had been in use.
82298	The number of times an individual accesses social bookmarks.
82299	The number of people an individual connects to by accessing their social bookmarks.
82300	The extent to which the people an individual connects to by accessing their social bookmarks are not  themselves connected through the bookmarking system.
82301	The extent to which the network of people an individual connects to by accessing their social bookmarks provides indirect access to many nonredundant bookmarks.
82302	An assessment of each user’s level of personal innovativeness as reported by external evaluators who could more objectively assess innovative behaviors.
82303	Participant's face was scanned and an avatar face was generated from the high resolution digital pictures.
82304	Participants were given 4 choices of generic avatar faces and asked to choose the avatar that most resembled their own face.
82305	Participant's body was scanned and an avatar body was generated from the high resolution digital pictures.
82306	Participants were given 4 choices of generic avatar bodies and asked to choose the avatar that most resembled their own body.
82307	The cognitive connection between an individual and an avatar.
82311	The ability of an application to convey relevant product information for evaluation of quality and performance.
82317	Intention to visit real world hospital.
82318	The added value of a brand to a customer.
82319	The hedonic outcome of the flow experience.
82320	The sense of being in a mediated environment.
82321	Participants were asked to navigate the virtual tour using the “Go back” and “Continue tour” buttons.
82322	Participants were introduced to basic movements and navigation actions (e.g.  clicking on objects with mouse) in Second Life so they knew how to walk and interact with objects in the environment.
82323	The perception a person has that she and others in the same space find it easy to understand and interact in a  social sense.
82324	The perception a person has about where in space she is by virtue of what objects are in that space and what activities are done in it.
82325	Knowledge about how tasks are done in the environment.
82327	Whether the user is inclined to come back to a place represented in the VW for the experience it affords to the user.
82328	The extent to which one can control the virtual environment in modifying the form and the content of the environment.
82329	The extent to which the virtual environment can facilitate the emergence of social space.
82330	The extent to which one perceives that the number of individuals (avatars) is relatively large compared to its accommodating space.
82331	The extent to which one perceives that most of individuals (avatars) present in an area are regular visitors to that space.
82332	The perceived sense of being present in the virtual environment.
82333	The perceived sense of intrinsic enjoyment obtained from interacting with the virtual environment.
82334	The perceived sense of how personal  warm  intimate  sociable  or sensitive the social interactions are in the virtual environment.
82335	The degree to which one believes that one will buy different types of virtual products (an aggregate likelihood of purchasing virtual products).
82336	Casual or regular.
82351	The extent to which a user perceives a conceptual modeling grammar to have a deficit of constructs that she would require to describe all real-world phenomena that she seeks to have represented in a conceptual model.
82352	The extent to which a user perceives a conceptual modeling grammar to provide more constructs than required to describe a single real-world phenomena that she seeks to have represented in a conceptual model.
82353	The extent to which a user perceives a conceptual modeling grammar to provide constructs that can each be used to describe more than one single real-world phenomena in a conceptual model.
82354	The extent to which a user perceives a conceptual modeling grammar to provide constructs that do not describe any relevant real-world phenomena in a conceptual model.
82355	The degree to which a person believes that a conceptual modeling grammar will be effective in achieving the intended modeling objective.
82356	The degree to which a person believes that using a conceptual modeling grammar would be free of effort.
82357	Number of years of experience the participant has in process modeling overall.
82358	Number of models created with BPMN.
82359	Participants were required to search for information by browsing a single Web page that did not contain any hyperlinks.
82360	Participants were required to traverse across Web pages through hyperlinks to find target Web pages that contained answers to the given questions.
82361	The time that a participant took to find an answer to a given question (excluding the Web site downloading time).
82362	The percentage of correctly identified answers to the given questions.
82363	The degree to which a user believes that adapted presentation can be used effortlessly.
82364	The degree to which a user believes that presentation adaptation can improve his/her task performance.
82365	The prototype system directly displayed an original Web page in the IE browser without any adaptation.
82366	The prototype system was equipped with tree-view adaptation by adopting DOM  a standard that creates a logical structure of HTML and XML documents in the form of tree-like representation.
82367	The prototype system enhanced tree view with hierarchical text summarization.
82368	The prototype system incorporated colored keyword highlighting into the tree-view adaptation.
82369	The prototype system was equipped with tree-view adaptation  hierarchical text summarization  and colored keyword highlighting.
82370	In the market  offers are accepted when they hit or surpass the optimal threshold price.
82371	In the market  an automated proxy system evaluates the offer sequence following our analytical model and applies an optimal threshold price.
82372	Subjects were not informed about the threshold rule (fixed or adaptive).
82373	Subjects were informed about the threshold rule (fixed or adaptive).
82379	The centrality of the group’s most proficient users.
82381	Respondent's rating of the frequency of their interactions with each person in their group.
82382	Respondent's rating of the depth of their interactions with each person in their group.
82385	Whether a diabetic patient’s long-term blood sugar level remains within recommended guidelines.
82386	Whether the patient had received an eye exam in the past year.
82387	Whether the patient's cholesterol had been checked in the past year.
82388	Whether the patient's kidney function had been checked in the past year.
82389	HMO or point-of-service.
82390	Whether the patient has other health factors complicating their diabetes control.
82392	Number of years the doctor had been employed at HealthProviders.
82393	Whether the doctor is a minority.
82394	Internal medicine or pediatric group.
82395	Number of employees in the group.
82396	Percentage of the group that is white (vs. minority).
82397	How long group members have been employed at HealthProviders.
82398	Percentage of a group’s employees who are male.
82399	The average frequency and depth with which group members use the IS available to them.
82400	The average levels of IS proficiency possessed by members of the group.
82401	The disparity in eigenvector centralities between nodes.
82453	The extent to which trained people were deployed in the project.
82458	Total effort on the project.
82459	The number of calendar days between start and finish of the project.
82461	The number of projects completed before the focal for the same client.
82462	Whether the project involved new development or reengineering of existing systems.
82463	The difference of the revenue accruing to the project and the total costs allocated to the project  including overhead and apportioned costs.
82464	Whether the contract type was fixed price or time and materials.
82800	Subjects were allowed to choose  before each incumbent trial  which of two interfaces (Interface A or Interface B) they wished to use for that trial.
82801	Participants had to complete all nine of the initial trials with the same incumbent interface (Interface A).
82802	The time from being presented with the information search goal for the current round to arriving at the page containing the target article’s text.
82803	The extent of the participant’s preference for the interface that they had selected.
82804	Participants’ selection of an interface to use during the final phase of the study  where they were told that they would have to complete an unspecified number of additional information search tasks of the familiar type.
82805	Perceived ease of use of each of the interfaces they had used in the experiment.
82806	The extent of the participant’s prior experience using the Internet.
83011	The relevant IS capabilities for SCM operational efficiency  operational flexibility  planning  internal  analysis  and external analysis.
83016	Triangulation with the qualitative evidence and the MSF model’s calculated (Euclidean Distance) level of strategic fit for the case studies.
84714	The project’s over-  runs on actual schedule  person-month effort  and  cost overruns as a proportion of duration of the  project in calendar weeks  the budgeted effort  and  budgeted cost provided by the project managers.
84715	The extent to which the project team had a collaborative culture.
84717	The extent  to which project management meetings and status  review meetings were held over the life of the project  between the vendor and the client.
84718	The extent to which  code inspections and design reviews were jointly  conducted between the vendor and the client.
84722	The prior interactions between client and vendor.
84723	The total project effort in person-days.
84724	The size of the core team in outsourcing  and software projects.
87961	On a waiting page participants were shown either a single line of text  a travel picture  or a clock picture.
87962	Participants were not presented with a picture.
87963	An animated clock picture with moving hands was selected because it was believed that a “ticking” clock would direct attention toward time.
87964	A travel picture of a plane in flight was selected as it was believed that a plane in flight would remind users of travel and therefore direct attention away from time.
87965	The cognitive aspect of the waiting experience which captures customers’ loss of a very valuable asset: Time.
87967	In the low visual content treatment  a static picture of either a plane or a clock was provided.
87968	In the high visual content treatments  a series of static clock or static travel-related pictures (including the ones used in the low visual content treatment conditions) was provided using Macromedia Flash.
87970	Whether the subjects attribute the delay to the website features or elsewhere.
87971	Respondents to indicate the extent to which they had observed in the Wiki that their knowledge had improved the organization’s work  processes.
87972	How often respondents rewrote whole paragraphs  reorganized pages  and integrated content on their selected Wikis.
87973	How often respondents either added new pages to the Wiki or added new content to existing Wiki pages.
87975	The possession of substantial skills and abilities related to a specialized domain of knowledge; depth indicates how much of an individual’s knowledge is focused and pertinent to the task at hand.
87976	Indicates an individual’s cognitive ability to assess the relevance  parallels  overlap  and congruence of knowledge across domains; contributors who are able to recognize  access  and understand different domains are more likely to make useful integrative contributions.
87981	This refers to the degree to which the system provides all the necessary information.
87982	This refers to the user's perception that the information is correct.
87983	The user's perception of how well the information is presented.
87984	This represents the user's perception of the degree to which the information is up to date.
87985	The ability of a customer support unit to monitor the needs of its customers and enable its business strategies with a focus on customer needs.
87986	Ability to quickly respond to customer needs and wants.
87987	Ability to effectively respond to customer needs and wants.
87988	Refers to the amount of information processing required to effectively manage the activities of the business process.
87989	Refers to the non-routineness  difficulty  uncertainty  and interdependence within a process.
87990	Represents its customers' overall evaluation of its service offering.
87991	We measured customer service performance based on the assessment of the customer service unit's performance by the branch manager.
87992	To measure the customer service performance of the branch relative to other branches of bank.
88231	Online customer perceptions that third-party safeguarding mechanisms  such as online credit card guarantees  escrow services and privacy protection exist to protect them against potential risks in the e-commerce environment.
88234	The perception of the trustee’s effective performance in terms of reliability and expertise in fulfilling past transactions  indicating that the trustee will have the integrity and ability to successfully deal with future transactions.
